
Post 1: My mom died 3 hours ago
Content:
I thought id be ready for this some day but i realized thats impossible. Shes still in her room, she died in her sleep. She looks at peace which makes me glad. I kissed her goodbye and i dont want to see her anymore because it hurts to look. My brothers and i are waiting for the ambulance to arrive but they are holding up since shit sucks here in Mexico. Nothing but silence. I dissapointed her beyond comprehension and she managed to love me and be so kind. I dont know what im going to do without her. I was already suicidal before she died and now its only going to get worse... If i had a reason to live then now i dont. At the moment im containing myself from crying because she didnt want anyone to cry when she passed and im going to hold up for her since its the only thing i can do right for her. Im just trying to think of how good a life she lived and how strong she was which is ironic considering im constantly down in the dumps. She was a phenomenal mother. I love you mom. Goodbye and rest easy.

Post 2: Raped in front of my girlfriend. feeling like giving up.
Content:
 

I don't know what to say or do, I just feel like my life is falling apart.

Three weeks ago My apartment was broken into by 4 strangers, my girlfriend was sleeping over. It was an awful, horrific long night, and she witnessed every single thing. 8 hours of prolonged humiliation and abuse.

These 4 strangers destroyed me. They shredded every bit of self-esteem and sanity I had. After the hell they put me through, they simply left me there. bleeding heavily and stunned. My girlfriend was tied up screaming, but I didn't move. It took me a while to comprehend that this is now my reality and eventually get up.

Weeks later, I am paranoid, unable to look at my reflection without feeling disgust, and I spend my time in my university lectures thinking about ending my life. I didn't tell a single soul about this because I feel so ashamed. I feel pathetic and weak. My girlfriend is the only one that knows, though everyone around has been telling me I've been ignoring them lately and calling me an asshole for it, yet I don't care. I just feel numb. I want to die, but I'm too afraid to say it out loud. That night they not only violently violated me, but they took something from me, a piece of my soul.

Anyways, ever since that night my girlfriend has been acting different. she treats me differently, touches me differently, and most importantly she looks at me differently. A few days ago while we were sitting together, she told me that it's alright if this experience turns me "gay" and that we don't have to continue dating. this is coming from a 19 year old girl that has common sense, it all just made me feel really bad. It just reflected how after all this, how disgusting I feel was valid, that I am gross in her eyes now.

Today is my birthday, I turn 20. I bailed on all the plans and decided to spend it alone. I'm sitting at home drinking alcohol and thinking about bashing my goddamn face in. I just feel alone in a way I never felt before. I just never thought this is where I'd be, that this would be my life.

I hope I'm posting this in the correct place, I've only had Reddit when I was younger. thanks for listening for whoever is out there. Hopefully I'll feel better for writing this.

UPDATE 1:
Two of the assailants were caught by the police today. I’ll post a more detailed update in the next few days. 
Thank you everyone for this support.

UPDATE 2:
sorry I’m late with this, I’ve just been going through a lot. I’m gonna try to give everyone a bit of closure on everything that’s went down. 
The four assailants were part of a sex trafficking gang that my shitty dad got involved with and owed a lot of money. I’m not comfortable sharing the details of this specific aspect, but I hope this general explanation is enough. 
Two of them were caught and will be most likely going to prison as they plead guilty to avoid a trial. 
I’m currently trying to get myself together, but things have been getting worse and worse mentally. I’ve been going to gym, jogging and trying my best to not lose it, I didn’t start therapy, but I’m considering it. 

Me and my girlfriend broke up and there’s no bad blood. I just need to focus on myself. 

And again, thank you everyone for the immense support you’ve given me. You have no idea how much it saved me and made me feel a little less alone. Thank you.

Post 3: 'If you were actually suicidal you'd have killed yourself already and not tell anybody' FUCK OFFFFFFF
Content:
FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU 
YOU ABSOLUTE DUMBASS

what the fuck

What else do you want me to do to validate myself???? DO I HAVE TO ACTUALLY FUCKING DIE AT THIS POINT BECAUSE YOU KNOW WHAT I WAS PLANNING TOO

but I'm trying to fucking hold on with what little I have left and I'm still apparently not telling the truth. This is bullshit and I'm exhausted of hearing this.

Literally everything I do to reach out is apparently 'attention seeking' and 'faking it' And then when I self harm to cope people still say I'm attention seeking.

They don't care, they won't believe me until I'm dead.

Post 4: I fucking hate/despise/loathe how money is everything in this fucking life.
Content:
I'm tired of seeing all these fucking crypto stuff all the time. And these market or stonks shit too. It just reminds me of how fucking terrible this life is, that you need to be a fucking slave for money becuse money is everything and if you don't have, you're a subhuman or something like that. Like, it doesn't even matter if you are a good person, if you donate blood, if you are a volunteer or if have talents or abilities, all that people care about in this fucking doomed planet is about some imaginary numbers on a fucking screen. They decide if you are worth something if you have "X" number of this metal or paper or code. Like, you can't just trade something you have or something you can do for rice and eggs, no, you need to use this currency that some powerful people have the control over and if you don't like, "FUCK YOU", go die in the forest or some shit.

i'm tired of needing to think 24/7 about money/materialistic possessions because that is what society will judge if you are worth something or not. i just want to put a bullet in my brain.

Post 5: I wish I could walk into a hospital, throw my arms up and say “here are my organs. I don’t want them anymore. Donate them to someone who will make better use of them.”
Content:
But of course they’d lock me up in the mental ward instead.

Post 6: Someone sarcastically told me to kill myself and i just replied " i tried , didnt work"
Content:
He just got silent , then without saying anything just left .

Pretty sure i traumatized him .

Post 7: I’ve seen child porn on the internet. I will never be the same again.
Content:
I saw it on twitter. Multiple accounts. I cybertipped them all. There were so many videos. After a while I lost my head and I had to stop. I couldn’t report anymore accounts. I didn’t want to look at them. In the process of reporting one of the videos I thought I accidentally lost the link and freaked out at the thought of having to go back to copy the link again. I will never be the same. There is true evil in this world. I don’t trust men or women anymore. Everyone is a monster. There were so many women in these videos. So many. For a long time afterwards I was paranoid I was a pedophile, a freak, a creep for having seen them, although I am a bisexual woman who has only ever been with people my age or older. I feel just as bad for having seen it. I feel immense guilt for tapping out and not reporting every single account. I just could not watch that shit anymore.

Post 8: Just called the suicide hotline
Content:
... and was asked to please 'watch my language.'

The actual fuck.

Yea, I have a mouth on me. Yea, I have an attitude problem. But how the FUCK you going to work at a suicide hotline, even the fucking graveyard shift (heh -- suicide hotline; graveyard shift -- heh), and tell callers their language BOTHERS you? How you gonna LET that language bother you? It's WORDS, you fucking TWAT-NOZZLE. It's a HURTING HUMAN expressing herself.

Jesus fuck.

Post 9: Please remember that NO ACTIVISM of any kind is allowed here. Not today or any day.
Content:
Activism, i.e. advocating or fundraising for social change or raising awareness of social issues (and suicide *is*, inescapably, a social issue) is absolutely against the rules here at all times.  

Please understand that we're all for well-informed, strategically-savvy activism.  It's essential in the fight against stigma, misinformation, and discrimination, and the fight for research, treatment, accommodation, acceptance, and understanding.  Most of us, one way or another, are mental-health activists IRL.  

But activism just doesn't work in a dedicated support space that serves a vulnerable population.  We used to allow it, until the evidence that it was undermining our primary purpose became overwhelming, and, not without regret, we made this rule.  Our population is all too well aware of the issues and causes that need support and largely not in a position to take action, so besides the fact that activism is often salt in our members' wounds, it's a waste of the activists' time.

**Please report any fundraising, awareness raising, petitions, calls for participation, or any post that's mainly about a cause or an issue rather than a request for personal support.**

Post 10: I'm a fully-functioning suicidal.
Content:
I get out of bed, prepare my breakfast, leave my house, go to work, work decently, talk with people around me,  get home, can take a shower, prepare dinner, sleep. My routine is the same as any normal person, except I can only think about killing myself. I work while thinking about methods, I go to sleep while thinking of how people would react, I prepare my food while I'm setting up dates for me to die, I take a shower and think of a proper suicide letter. I can live, but I don't want to live. I feel completely alien to society.

Edit: Today (27/09) I went to a psychologist, told her about these feelings, and I will be working on them. Thank you all for the kind comments.

Post 11: throwing away my blades today
Content:
been self harming since 12, i’m 22. 

i’m 3 days self harm free.

going to throw my blades away today and fight the good fight.

wish me luck, fellas

Post 12: It's ironic how one suicidal person comforts the other.
Content:
Most of us on here are suicidal..yet we try to comfort others feeling the same way..for different reasons.
It's ironic how we could encourage others but can't find the will for doing ourselves better. We try but it's hard when it comes to our ourselves.

Post 13: Penis was destroyed by a doctor exam. I don't know how much more I can take
Content:
I've been living in a nightmare for 4 months and I just want it to end so badly.  4 months ago my life was destroyed by what I thought would be a simple urologist check up.  It was definitely not that.  He "examined" my penis extremely roughly and stretched it very hard and crushed it.  Ever since my penis has been completely numb with total erectile dysfunction.  I suffer every moment of the day feeling a numb pressure uncomfortableness in my penis that makes it impossible to sleep and relax.  It drives me so crazy I sometimes I sometimes just want to cut it off for relief which is something I would never want.  I'm only 33 years old and I will never be able to feel or use my penis again.  The doctor damaged my bulbocavernosous muscle/nerve in my penis which is responsible for erections and ejaculations.  This muscle is extremely numb and lifeless now like the rest of my penis.

Nobody cares or believes me when I tell them what happened.  Doctors or lawyers.  I've been to several doctors and they don't know what to do.  They just gaslight me and say it might be psychological when it definitely is not.  I literally can't feel my penis at all anymore.  Not hot, cold, touch, pain, pressure, nothing.  It's completely numb.  My scrotum and penis are very cold to the touch 24/7.  I stay on high dose Cialis to see if it helps and it does nothing at all.  My penis stays numb and jelly like always.

I've reported the uro to the hospital and medical board snd nothing happened.  People tell me things like I need to be strong and get over it.  Or your penis isn't everything.  It's so easy for someone else to say that.  They don't know how miserable it is.  I have no desire getting gaslit by more doctors, lawyers, or anyone else at this point.

Post 14: Imagine getting only one shot at life and it's this
Content:
What a fucking joke

Post 15: Why does my mind go straight to suicide every time I'm extremely upset?
Content:
Like  honestly is this common? Every time I have a problem I don't know how to solve I think of suicide as the answer. Sometimes it feels like my entire life is just waiting for death. Anyone else?

Post 16: Police showed up.
Content:
Well last night I got close to killing myself last night but than stopped and called the suicide hotline using *67 (supposed to make my number not show up) I got talked down and was extremely tired I feel asleep before I could make a 'safety plan' and the dude disconnected. Like an hour later the cops show up. Freaking out sounded like they were gonna knock my door down. 
Turns out *67 doesn't work with the suicide hotline and my number is still seeable. So thats great, won't be calling again because they also went to my former addresses, including my families house and my bestfriends place, so now I have everyone freaked out and smothering me about this and won't be calling again since I now know if the person isn't comfortable with what I've said they'll send the cops to literally everywhere. Honestly this whole situation has just doubled my anxiety and depression, so thanks suicide hotline dude for publicizing the feelings I didn't want to make a big deal about.

Post 17: i told my mum i want to kill myself. she said, “ok, just don’t do it in my house.”
Content:
that’s basically it. it hurts. i wish people didn’t romanticise a mother’s love so much because then maybe these words wouldn’t sting as much as they did. how is a teenager supposed to feel when the one person who’s apparently supposed to love them more than anyone and anything, doesn’t?

edit: 
yes, I totally understand that parents are just human beings...but when a relationship, any type of relationship, starts to cause damage to one and the other knows this but refuses to acknowledge it or somehow change for the better, then they simply do not care for the person. I only opened up to my mum about depression very recently though I’ve been dealing with it for a few years now. at first, I used to think the reason I was constantly hurt by her actions and words was because she didn’t know the mental state I was in back then so I never blamed her in anyway. but it all became too much that i impulsively told her everything and she still refused to do anything. she’s not empathetic in the slightest and she made it clear that whether I commit suicide or not doesn’t matter to her as long as, like I said in the og post, I do not do it in her house or say anything in my suicide letter about her that’ll give her a bad rep or get her in any trouble. point is, I thought I was suffering so much because I kept my feelings to myself. I thought sharing them raw with her would help even a little but it didn’t and I feel so defeated. people always say you shouldn’t keep these type of things to yourself but there’s comfort in that. giving myself the illusion that the only reason I hurt is because I keep it to myself hurts less than sharing it with others and realising that that hasn’t changed the way i feel. you don’t suddenly get better. it only stays just as bad or gets worse. 

and to anyone and everyone who’s sharing similar stuff, I’m sorry that some of your most treasured people aroused some of the most negative feelings in you. it’s okay to feel hurt but don’t let someone else’s decision to be a dick affect your own life decisions because in the end, everyone will be looking back at their own life and their own life only. make sure that yours isn’t just a reflection of what others have said and done to you.

i apologise if this is really lengthy I know I keep rambling I just wasn’t expecting this many people to see this. to everyone who’s tried to help or who’s hurting, you have a special place in my heart. I’m here if anyone needs to talk.

Post 18: “nobody cares unless your beautiful, popular, or dead.”
Content:
this sticks with me. everyone told me to kill my self and that nobody would notice if I were dead  but when I did and was rushed to the hospital everyone was concerned and pretending to cared , but it was the same ones who told me to do it , the same ones who never cared before , the same ones who could care less whether I’m here or not. sorry dudes (,: , but your words kill. the attempt may have failed but I’m still dead inside. and that’s close enough for me. xoxo ;D . anyway have a nice day everyone and if anyone needs someone to talk to I’m here , I love you all , your beautiful/ handsome and your doing amazing , I’m so proud of you! good Job for making it another day , I love you.

Post 19: I wish i could donate my life to the person who truly wants to live
Content:
I don't deserve to be alive, i don't deserve anything, i don't deserve any kindness, i don't to deserve this i want to die. I only deserve to die. The only way i will get rest is by dying

Post 20: Having a bad day
Content:
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

&#x200B;

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

&#x200B;

FUUUUCK fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck

&#x200B;

WHHHHYYY CANNN"TTT IIIII JJJUUUSUSSSSSTTTT DDDDIIIIIIEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Post 21: It’s extremely messed up that you can’t even go to a psych hospital for help with suicidal thoughts without getting a multi-thousand dollar hospital bill.
Content:
I was in a psych ward once when I was 17. I struggle with suicidal ideation daily. I would totally go back and get treatment at a hospital again if it weren’t for the horrible treatment of patients and the bill that would come along with it. My bill at my psych hospital was about $20,000. All because I wanted to jump off a bridge. You can’t tell anyone that you’re suicidal without them throwing you in a mental hospital, but you can’t go to a mental hospital without owing thousands of dollars and being treated like a prisoner, just making your problems even worse. There’s no good solution. I want to have the right to die. Or at least get free help. The suicidal hotline doesn’t do shit. I want real help. And not to be thrown in a hospital. This system is horrible. We are all victims of it. It’s time for a mental health industry overhaul.

Post 22: Not a single person actually cares unless you kill yourself
Content:
If you say you're so depressed you can't function it's "Aw it'll get better" and they forget about you. Then when you kill yourself everyone's like "Oh I never would've thought, I wish he would've given some sort of sign."


I said how many times I want to kill myself and I think I might do it, but I know if I do people will act like it's a huge surprise.


I've been serious all along. I have a rope tied into a noose in a box in my room, so that it's always ready. I'm not joking or just looking for attention when I tell people I need some kind of help. Everybody only pretends to care and then when you're dead tries to say they cared all along

Post 23: I am never "suicidal enough" to be heard. I am too well-dressed, too articulate, too friendly "too" everything to be worthy of any support.
Content:
And I am gradually withering away because of it.

Mental health professionals never take me seriously. I can see it in the hint of amusement in their eyes, their disengaged body language, their patronising tone of voice. They say I'm "too" well-dressed, "too" articulate, "too" intelligent. I am "too" kind, I smile "too" often, I'm "too" calm.

This has not only been offensive to me, but it is such an insult to people who are mentally ill and suicidal. Their implication that suicidal people are dumb, frenzied and rude slobs was - and still is - fucking preposterous.

I have tried to get help for approximately 8 years. I have begged and pleaded and been reduced to tears. But unless I'm trying to end my life right now in front of them, it doesn't matter. None of it matters. I don't matter. 

My public face is "too" convincing. But this was carefully created and crafted, over many years, because I had no choice. I had no option but to hide the abuse and isolation and pain I have suffered behind a smile. I was never given an alternative, and when someone glimpsed the reality behind this façade, they did nothing.

The truth is, a part of me is frightened of dying, and my survival instincts kick in when I don't want them to. But that doesn't mean I want to live, either. If I could switch off this deeply ingrained fear and just be done with it, I would. 

Why do we have to kill ourselves or almost die before people care? Why do we have to present ourselves in a specific way before we even get listened to? Why do they wait until every glimmer of hope and willingness to live has been stamped out? I hate this. I hate my life. I hate myself. Let me be what they want me to be, please.

**EDIT:** I never ever _ever_ consider others as "dumb, frenzied, rude slobs" by the way. I'm so sorry if I made anyone feel that way. It's simply how I interpret the reaction of mental health professionals, when they say "But you're so clever/hygienic/pretty/well-groomed" etc. It feels like a slap in the face, as though suicidal people are looked down on if they are well presented, and looked down on if they are not, too (but the latter apparently ticks more boxes from their point of view).
If someone is unkempt, hasn't showered, is visibly distressed or less coherent, I do NOT judge them or advocate doing so. _But using someone's appearance as a way of invalidating their pain? That's **completely** wrong._


**EDIT 2:** Thank you everyone for your supportive comments and sharing your experiences on this subject. It means a lot to me and although it is awful that this resonates with so many people, it also brings me comfort. I am sorry for not responding to everyone yet. If you have had a similarly invalidating experience, I am so sorry. I appreciate the difficulty internalising this, but it is _not_ your fault. You are not to blame for the misconduct of any medical professional, who ought to know better than to belittle us during our darkest and most vulnerable moments.


In positive developments, the crisis team visited me at home this evening. Both mental health nurses listened to me, emphasised that the way I was treated for the last 8 years was unacceptable, completely validated my feelings and showed a lot of empathy. It has restored a little bit of faith in the NHS. They are going to report back to the psychiatry team and recommend that I be allocated a Care Co-ordinator, who will be able to assist me with being prescribed the correct forms of treatment and provide support with finances and social connections. I have not allowed myself to anticipate too much, but I cried with relief after they left. I hope they keep their word. I hope they meant it. I desperately just hope. Until I receive an outcome, I will sincerely try to stay alive. I am not in a position to promise that I will survive, but I can promise that I will try, one more time.

Post 24: New wiki on how to avoid accidentally encouraging suicide, and how to spot covert incitement
Content:
We've been seeing a worrying increase in pro-suicide content showing up here and, and also going unreported. This undermines our purpose here, so we wanted to highlight and clarify our guidelines about both direct and indirect incitement of suicide.  

We've created a wiki that covers these issues.  We hope this will be helpful to anyone who's wondering whether something's okay here and which responses to report.  It explains in detail why *any* validation of suicidal intent, even an "innocent" message like "if you're 100% committed, I'll just wish you peace" is likely to increase people's pain, and why it's important to report even subtle pro-suicide comments. The full text of the wiki's current version is below, and it is maintained at [/r/SuicideWatch/wiki/incitement](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/wiki/incitement). 

We deeply appreciate everyone who gives responsive, empathetic, non-judgemental support to our OPs, and we particularly thank everyone who's already been reporting incitement in all forms.  

Please report any post or comment that encourages suicide (or that breaks any of the other guidelines in the sidebar) to the moderators, either by clicking the "report" button or by [sending us a modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSuicideWatch) with a link. We deal with all guideline violations that are reported to us as soon as we can, but we can't read everything so community reports are essential. If you get a PM that breaks the guidelines, please report it both [to the reddit sitewide admins](http://www.reddit.com/report) and to us in modmail. 

Thanks to all the great citizens of the community who help flag problem content and behaviour for us.  
    
    

******
***[/r/SuicideWatch/wiki/incitement](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/wiki/incitement)***  
*******

###Summary###

**It's important to respect and understand people's experiences and emotions. It's never necessary, helpful, or kind to support suicidal intent. There are some common misconceptions (discussed below) about suicidal people and how to help them that can cause well-meaning people to inadvertently incite suicide. There are also people online who incite suicide on purpose, often while pretending to be sympathetic and helpful.** 

###Validate Feelings and Experiences, Not Self-Destructive Intentions###

We're here to offer support, not judgement.  That means accepting, with the best understanding we can offer, whatever emotions people express.  Suicidal people are suffering, and we're here to try to ease that by providing support and caring.  The most reliable way we know to de-escalate someone at risk is to give them the experience of feeling understood. That means not judging whether they should be feeling the way they are, or telling them what to do or not do.  

But there's an important line to draw here.  There's a crucial difference between empathizing with feelings and responding non-judgmentally to suicidal thoughts, and in any way endorsing, encouraging, or validating suicidal intentions or hopeless beliefs. **It's both possible and important to convey understanding and compassion for someone's suicidal thoughts without putting your finger on the scale of their decision.**

Anything that condones suicide, even passively, *encourages* suicide. It isn't supportive and does not help. It also violates reddit's sitewide rules as well as our guidelines. Explicitly inciting suicide online is a criminal offense in most jurisdictions. 

Do not treat any OP's post as meaning that will definitely die by suicide and can't change their minds or be helped. Anyone who's able to read the comments here still has a chance to choose whether or not to try to keep living, even if they've also been experiencing intense thoughts of suicide, made a suicide plan, or started carrying it out.  

In [the most useful empirical model we have](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interpersonal_theory_of_suicide), the desire to die by suicide primarily comes from two interpersonal factors; alienation and a sense of being a burden or having nothing to offer. These factors usually lead to a profound feeling of being unwelcome in the world. 

**So, any acceptance or reinforcement of suicidal intent, even something "innocent" like "I hope you find peace", is actually a form of covert shunning that validates a person's sense that they're unwelcome in the world. It will usually add to their pain even if kindly meant and gently worded.**  

###How to Avoid Validating Suicidal Intent###

Keep the following in mind when offering support to anyone at risk for suicide.  

* **People who say they don't want help usually can feel better if they get support that doesn't invalidate their emotions.** Unfortunately, [many popular "good" responses are actually counterproductive](https://www.speakingofsuicide.com/2015/03/03/what-not-to-say/). In particular, many friends and family tend to rely exclusively on trying to convince the suicidal person that "it's not so bad", and this is usually experienced as "I don't understand what you're going through and I'm not going to try".  People who've had "help" that made them feel worse don't want any more of the same.  It doesn't mean that someone who actually knows how to be supportive can't give them any comfort.   

*  **Most people who are suicidal want to end their** ***pain,*** **not their lives.**  It's almost never true that death is the only way to end these people's suffering. Of course there are exceptional situations, and we certainly acknowledge that, for some people, the right help can be difficult to find. But preventing someone's suicide doesn't mean prolonging their suffering if we do it by giving them real comfort and understanding. 

* ***An unfixable problem doesn't mean that a good life will never be possible***.  We don't have to fix or change anything to help someone feel better. It's important to keep in mind that the correlation between our outer circumstances and our inner experience is weaker and less direct than commonly assumed.  For every kind of difficult life situation, you will find some people who lapse into suicidal despair, and others who cope amazingly well, and a whole spectrum in between. A key difference is how much inner resilience the person has at the time. This can depend on many personal and situational factors. But when there's not enough, interpersonal support can both compensate for its absence and help rebuild it.  We go into more depth on the "it gets better" issue in [this PSA Post](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/25igd7/whats_wrong_with_it_gets_better_what_if_it_doesnt/) which is always linked from our sidebar (community info on mobile) guidelines. 

* **There are** ***always*** **more choices than brutally forcing someone to stay alive or passively letting them end their lives**.

To avoid accidentally breaking the anti-incitement rule, don't say or try to imply that acting on suicidal thoughts is a good idea, or that someone can't turn back or is already dead.  Do whatever you can to help them feel cared for and welcome, at least in this little corner of the world.  [Our talking tips](http://redd.it/igh87) offer more detailed guidance.

###Look Out for Deliberate Incitement.  It May Come in Disguise.###

Often comments that subtly encourage suicidal intent actually come from suicide fetishists and voyeurs ([unfortunately this is a real and disturbing phenomenon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Francis_Melchert-Dinkel)). People like this *are* out there and the anonymous nature of reddit makes us particularly attractive to them.  

They will typically try to scratch their psychological "itch" by saying things that push people closer to the edge.  They often do this by exploiting the myths that we debunked in the bullet points above.  Specifically you might see people doing the following:

* Encouraging the false belief that the only way suicidal people can end their pain is by dying.  **There are** ***always*** **more and better choices than "brutally forcing someone to stay alive" or helping (actively or passively) them to end their lives**.

* Creating an artificial and toxic sense of "solidarity" by linking their encouragement of suicide to empathy.  They will represent themselves as the only one who really understand the suicidal person, while either directly or indirectly encouraging their self-loathing emotions and self-destructive impulses.  **Since most people in suicidal crisis are in desperate need to empathy and understanding, this is a particularly dangerous form of manipulation.**  

Many suicide inciters are adept at putting a benevolent spin on their activities while actually luring people away from sources of real help.  A couple of key points to keep in mind: 

* **Skilled suicide intervention -- peer or professional -- is based on empathic responsiveness to the person's feelings that reduces their suffering in the moment.**  Contrary to pop-culture myths, it does **not** involve persuasion ("Don't do it!"), cheerleading ("You've got this!") or meaningless false promises ("Trust me, it gets better!"), or invalidation ("Let me show you how things aren't as bad as you think!").  Anyone who leads others to expect these kinds of toxic responses, or any other response that prolongs their pain, from expert help may be covertly pro-suicide. (Of course, people sometimes do have bad experience when seeking mental-health treatment, and it's fine to vent about those, but processing our own disappointment and frustration is entirely different from trying to destroy someone else's hope of getting help.)

* **Choices made by competent responders are always informed by the understanding that breaching someone's trust is traumatic and must be avoided if possible.**  Any kind of involuntary intervention is an **extremely unlikely** outcome when someone consults a clinician or calls a hotline. (Confidentiality is addressed in more detail in [our Hotlines FAQ post](http://redd.it/1c7ntr)). The goal is always to provide all help with the client's full knowledge and informed consent. We know that no individual or system is perfect.  Mistakes that lead to bad experiences do sometimes happen to vulnerable people, and we have enormous sympathy for them. But anyone who suggests that this is the norm might be trying to scare people away from the help they need.  

Please [let us know discreetly](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSuicideWatch) if you see anyone exhibiting these or similar behaviours. We don't recommend trying to engage with them directly.

Post 25: My wife died in childbirth 2 days ago. 
Content:
2 days ago my wife died in childbirth. She was all I had. I have no family members and no friends. All I had was her. She's what kept me living everyday. I look at the baby we now have and all I can do when I see her is wish that my wife had survived instead of her. I hate that I think this but I can't help it. I want to love her, I want to be able to see her and think of her as something other than my wife's murderer but I can't. This beautiful girl would be better off without me. 

I'm leaving her in the hospitals nursery and overdosing tonight. I cannot keep living without my wife and my daughter cannot live with me. Nobody will miss me and I accept that. Please do not try to reason with me, I have made up my mind. I just want my last words fo be something more meaningful than me screaming my wife's name. If my daughter ever sees this, I'm sorry that I let you down. I'm sorry that I thought of you the way that I did. I don't hate you, I don't blame you. I wanted to love you. I tried. I hope that you're adopted by another family who loves you the way I know I never could. I love you. 


Post 26: I hate how people dismiss us when we openly say that we are suicidal but when someone keep quiet and kill them selves people be shocked like “They never said anything I didn’t know” WAKE TF UP AND LOVE ME STOP DISMISSING HOW I FEEL
Content:
My parents kicked me out for being suicidal, now a family friend killed himself and they are all suffering not knowing why because he was relatively “happy” and had a good life... Meanwhile my mother while I was panicking she handed me a knife.

Post 27: Today I realized that I'm probably going to actually commit suicide sometime in my life.
Content:
It may not be today, tomorrow, or even 10 years from now, but I honestly think there's a 90% chance that the way I will end up dying is by killing myself. I've struggled with depression since I was 14. I've been making significant progress in therapy and I am the happiest I've ever been. But somehow I keep ensing up depressed and coming back to these thoughts.

I have a fear of being elderly and alone. I am divorced, don't have kids, and don't have many friends. I'm afraid of living in an old folks home and just being forgotten about. And then today I realized that I pretty much already am forgotten about. I moved across the country a couple years ago, none of my family or friends ever call me. My mom never calls, my sister doesn't call. The only time my best friwnd messages me is to complain about her life. She never asks me how I'm doing or what's going on with me. I'm always the one calling them, and if I don't we simply don't talk. It's like my fear of being alone has come true, the only difference is I'm younger and able to take care of myself still. I do have an amazing boyfriend, but lately I keep screwing shit up so I wouldn't doubt it if he left me soon too.

So ya. It may not be today or tomorrow, it might even be 10 or 20 years from now. But unless I have an accident of some sort this will probably be how I die.

Edit: Wow I can't believe how many people have the same thoughts and feel the same way. I'll try to reply when I can. It's comforting to know we're in this together. Thanks for the encouragement everyone. It actually brightened my day a little. And please please don't hurt urselves. One thing that has made a huge difference so far for me is EMDR therapy. I've tried all kinds and that one has helped the most. I still do have suicidal thoughts, but they aren't as often as they used to be, so that's good I guess. Consider looking into it?

Post 28: Why are other suicidal people so nice and understanding but all the while still wanting to kill themselves?
Content:
It's kind of paradoxical, people who want to kill themselves are the only people capable of relating and stopping others from killing themselves. Maybe we all want to see people pull through it, maybe it gives us hope, maybe it gives us purpose...or maybe we think so lowly of ourselves that we dont wish anyone to feel that way. I'm not sure why I have a need to ensure others are cared for even if they aren't depressed it's as if I'm saying "please dont become me, its torture".

Post 29: Can't die yet. Gotta wait for my Amazon package.
Content:
I've spent the last month or so thinking about being dead. But of course I couldn't just up and die. Christmas was around the corner, and I had so much shit to wrap, so many appetizers and cookies to make. Plus dying before Christmas is kinda rude. Death doesn't make for good dinner conversation. So I didn't die.

And now it's after Christmas, but I still can't die. I have an Amazon order for my stepdad's retirement dinner. It's just a $8 coffee mug, but I have to wait for it to arrive so I can fill it with jelly beans and give it to him this weekend.

Then the weekend after that is my brother's 21 birthday. Sure as fuck can't die before that. What a shitty way to spend your 21st birthday. And the weekend AFTER THAT my other brother and sister (the twins) are turning 18. I planned on making my sister some cute jewelry, so I still really don't have time to die if I actually intend on getting that made.

And then it'll be my birthday. The big 3-0.
Thirty years of being, well, me.
Thirty years of waking up each morning, stumbling through the menial tasks of living, the mundane gruntwork of keeping body and soul together, of maintaining healthy relationships, of planning for the future, of eating, breathing, shitting, and going to sleep each night.
Thirty years of fuck-all. 

But I can't die today. I have to pick up orange juice and bread from the store after work. There's still laundry to do. The dishes are still soaking in the sink. And my Amazon package hasn't arrived yet.


EDIT: Y'all have been wildly supportive, and I just want to say that I'm grateful for all of the people in this sub who are willing and able to be vulnerable about their mental states. It often feels like drowning in deep water, and I'm glad that everyone here today is still fighting the undertow. Keep treading. Grab onto any lifeline you can find. Even if it's just orange juice and an Amazon delivery.

Post 30: I work. I exercise. I eat healthy. I take my fucking meds. I still want to kill myself.
Content:
I’ve done everything they say you should do.

I have a good job. I have a family. I have some friends. I eat healthy. I go to the fucking piece of shit gym everyday and I lift. I run until I can’t. I take stupid meds my psychiatrist gave me. I go to therapy(which is useless). In the end nothing has really changed. I am still alone. I feel a void in my life. I have no purpose and I don’t know why I’m here. I still want to die. 

Why aren’t we allowed to kill ourselves? Why do we have to feel guilty for wanting to die? Fuck this life. 

I just want to blow my brains out.

Post 31: I wonder what it feels like to have never considered suicide
Content:
It's unfathomable to me. How do they do it? Are they lying?

Post 32: I just saw a post asking “If you committed suicide a year ago what beautiful things would you have missed?”. I can’t think of a single thing.
Content:
When I saw that post it stopped my mindless scrolling instantly. I have been thinking for almost half an hour now with no luck. Even if I think of the year before that. Although I have been suicidal in the past with many attempts, that was so long ago and I didn’t realize I still felt this way deep down. 

This last year has been be laying in bed day after day other than the few times a week I go downtown and waste my whole cheque on heroin. I guess I haven’t felt like dying because I’ve been so focused on being high. My mom refuses to let me outdoors alone for more than 5 minutes because she can’t trust me to not go downtown and pick up.

I considered finally dating my best friend of 4 years as a thing I would have missed happening, but if I’m honest, things don’t feel the same as they did when we were best friends. I do love him, but now after years of him being clean he’s relapsed. It’s only been a week and he has already ended up in the hospital. He’s one of the 4 people in my life that I actually talk to. The other 3 are my family members.

My dad is across the country with his girlfriend and we rarely talk even though he reaches out. It’s the first year ever that he has not gifted me something for Christmas or my Birthday, which are only a week apart, and it made me terribly depressed sitting at home with his gifts never opened and now stored away in my closet with all the other junk that doesn’t matter. I know my mom is disappointed in me and so is my grandmother who, the same as my dad, I can’t seem to get myself to call back or message. I have no friends. I am alone and broke and unhappy.

This all came out of nowhere. I don’t know what to do. I have been trying so hard to get in touch with a psychiatrist but my office just ignores me and I’ve already called and gone there begging over 15 times in the last 4 months. There is too many things wrong and I can’t solve them all. Every time I told my mom about being suicidal in the past she would get angry and call me selfish, so family is off the list of people I can talk to since they tell my mom everything. My boyfriend interrupts me when I tell him I’m depressed and goes on about his own feelings, so he’s off the list too.

My mother won’t let me leave the house alone at all either, so I can’t get away from her unless I want to leave for good. If I do leave, she will kick me out and not let me back inside, which would force me to stay god knows where. I know that is illegal since I pay rent and sounds crazy but it is only because she fears I will run downtown and pick up heroin. 

Unfortunately, all that is on my mind is getting high. If I do, I’ve got no home unless I go to treatment and there are no options for that currently with this virus that I can think of. Even if there was, I can’t commit. Ironically, drugs are probably the main reason I’m not dead yet and why I’ve been so distracted from realizing I was still suicidal.

• • • • •

I’m feeling a million emotions a minute and I have nothing to stop me from making the “wrong” choice. I’m sorry this story is so long, I just want to be as detailed as I can so if I do end it, I’ve left at least something behind. Everything else is dirty and messy and worthless. I feel that I deserve to end things after all the rape and abuse and hatred I’ve had to deal with in my life. I REFUSE to believe it is a selfish thing to do anymore. 

I’m so, so tired.

Edit: some words.

Post 33: “suicide is a permanent solution for a temporary problem” makes no sense whatsoever
Content:
how is depression a temporary problem in anyway? it feels like i’m gonna be stuck with these issues for the rest of my life. it never gets better, and it never will. there’s no realistic version of my life that could ever be “good” or “fulfilling”. i’m just dragging out this failure of an existence.

Post 34: Sorry folks, we've got a troll: Please message the moderators if you get harassed via PM after posting here.
Content:
We are **so** sorry that this is necessary.

In recent days we've been targeted by a PM troll who's been sending pro-suicide messages to people after they post here.  The admins have suspended the main account this person was using, and they're looking out for alts, but if these types of individuals sometimes try to get around their site-wide bans.  We feel it's better to let you know this might happen again so that you can be forewarned, and also so that if it does happen, we and the reddit community team will be alerted as soon as possible.

If you get a hateful, pro-suicide PM, please be aware that this person is doing this indiscriminately, and they probably haven't even read what you posted, so it's *not about you*.  

If you don't think you could handle receiving something like that, we completely understand.  In that case, your best protection is to set your messaging preference so that you can receive PMs from trusted users only before you post (anywhere, not just here) about your struggles.  

On desktop you can do that here: 

https://www.reddit.com/prefs/blocked   

(On mobile, it depends which app or browser you're using.)

  



Post 35: You know what sucks? Staying alive purely for other people when you know this life isn’t worth it :)
Content:
I’m an only child and the only reason I keep waking up everyday is because I feel really shitty with the idea of my parents putting all the energy, money, and time into their only kid only for me to throw it all away? Like after me there’s no more kids to put their hopes into and carry on the family name and their memory.. 

And it sucks tenfold when those parents, who don’t know I’m only trying to stay alive for them, berate me or put enormous pressure on me or just generally make me feel like shit.

I just wish they received a different kid.

Post 36: Plans foiled by a f**king cat
Content:
So I was going to do it yesterday, had my kit already and was psyching myself up to do it, when this young stray white cat comes up to me and just won't leave me alone. So I brought her inside and fed her. 3 cans of tuna later, she's still hungry and breathing kinda weird, but I'm allergic so I brought her back outside with a tuna can for the road...tonight I was also trying to work up the strength to end it all, when the cat shows up again, but can't eat and breathing is worse. So now I've taken her to an emergency vet and have no idea how long I'll be here, but my plans have been foiled. Goddam cat has no idea what she's done. 

For the record, vet said she's fine, just hungry, so I guess I've got a new neighbor.

Update: she's back in her parking lot where I found her with an extra big of tuna and water, and I know nothing about cats because apparently her "breathing problem" was non-stop purring.

Update 2: I'm alive, and a few weeks later the cat is staying with us for the time being until a foster or adopter shows up. Her name is Summer and she loves being part of the family.

Update 3: 5mo later, she follows us on our walks and loves our dog. I'm doing much better now and am going back to school in 4 weeks. Thanks for the love!

Update (10/2/21): Summer spent a wonderful winter with us! She made things brighter and happier. I knew I was slightly allergic all along, but it got so bad that my Dr finally said I couldn't have the cat in the house. This was a while ago, and my throat has permanent scarring from the constant irritation. Summer needs to be with people, so I made the very difficult decision to get her to a rescue group, and I'm glad I did! She was apparently pregnant (I'd thought she was spayed) and her babies were safe and cared for and all of them got fixed and are now ready for adoption. I got to reunite with Summer at the adoption center this last week and she was so excited to see me! Heartbreaking ending, but she helped save my life, and I was able to thank her for that. I'm doing great, my Dr said technically my depression is in full remission! Thank you, Summer.

Post 37: I'd say its kinda a weird reason to live but, I really like Minecraft
Content:
i started playing it like when i was 10 back in 2011 and watching videos now of the game it reminds me of when day's weren't stressful, and a place/time when i was at peace with myself. Kinda like if you've ever had a favorite stuffed animal growing up, and you're still fond of it to this day. Lol i started to tear up right as someone was slaughtering a ghast, not cause he was dying, but because I realized how much of an improvement this little game has made in my life.

Post 38: I DONT WANNA "ACHIEVE" SHIT OR "LEAVE A MARK" OR "SEE THE WORLD" I HATE IT HERE AND I WANT REST
Content:
fuck im so tired

Post 39: People say life gets better, but that’s a fucking lie.
Content:
I’m 25. I’ve been a depressed, anxious, suicidal mess since I was 12 years old. I’m sick of people saying it gets better. It doesn’t. Everything is more complicated now. Bills are piling up around me. For years I was told I should get a credit card so I could build credit. Finally did it and immediately ruined my credit score. I’m in debt. I can barely afford rent and groceries. I’m not qualified for any decent jobs. I have no skills or talents or even interests anymore. I’m not even pretty or funny or social or anything to make up for being so pathetic. I’m literally just fucking done trying

Post 40: The fact that suicidal ideation is so normalized makes it impossible to get help
Content:
My friends joke about wanting to kill themselves constantly. “Haha if I get below a 60 on that test I’m actually gonna kill myself.” “Omg my new teacher makes me want to kill myself.” “My mom is so annoying I wanna die.” 

So every time I try to express that I’m genuinely suffering, they don’t take me seriously. It’s like everyone either thinks I’m an attention seeker or kidding. Even my psychiatrist just looks at me blankly, raises my medication dosage and says “try not to do anything until next week” every single session. The only reason I’m not dead yet is because I can’t find a reliable and minimally painful method.

I’ve been waiting for the right time and the right method but honestly I don’t even fucking care anymore. Next time I get the chance, I’m gone.

EDIT: 
First of all, thank you to everyone giving me support and awards! It genuinely means so much. You’re all such wonderful souls and I’m sending you all the love you need to get through whatever it is you’re going through :) <3

Secondly, I feel like this post is getting misconstrued a bit so I want to clear some things up. I totally get that I wasn’t very articulate - It was just sort of an angry vent and I didn’t imagine it would get so much attention. Anyway, My point in the original post is NOT that people aren’t allowed cope with humour - I even cope with humour myself sometimes. My point is that it’s frustrating that wanting to die has become the punchline to half of the jokes on the internet, so even when you’re trying to talk about being suicidal in a serious manner, people treat you as if you’re kidding. 

I also understand that absolutely no one’s obligated to listen to me. I always make sure that my friends are okay with me venting to them before I say anything even remotely emotional. If they’re not, I totally understand and they have every right to ignore me or tell me that they don’t feel comfortable with that. But responding to my “I’m struggling really bad right now” with a laugh and a joke is hurtful and unnecessary.

I also know that people might joke but actually be serious and coping through humour, but there’s just no need to turn what could be a meaningful conversation into a joke. If I come to someone about something and they respond with “I feel that way too, I’m sorry,” that’s absolutely valid. I have no issue at all with that. Just please don’t laugh at me. 

Anyways, hope you all have a great day. Keep fighting.

Post 41: i drank bleach
Content:
i attempted suicide 8 to 7 hours ago, by drinking bleach. not exactly an ideal experience, i wasn’t put into inpatient because of covid luckily (not for covid, but me being able to go home) my throat burns, and i cant taste anything. i also vomited a lot... i also had to drink some horrible white medicine that numbed my intestines. it was a very long process. my doctor also made me promise not to drink bleach anymore, and rather something more tasty like the gatorade that i had next to me. (made me smile) it feels horrible though when your plan doesn’t succeed and instead you have to deal with the consequences. i really don’t feel like attending school, or doing anything right now. i’m not going to lie, i do feel a bit better after my attempt (emotionally, not physically, i’m still in a bit of discomfort and pain) i do think i’m getting my medicine dosage higher. my friends probably didn’t even notice my absence, i wish i could tell someone how much i’m struggling. but it’s not like i could just pour all this information on someone who has no clue about this... it’s just horrible. i’m just going to sleep off the dreadful feelings. anyone thinking of drinking bleach 0/10 dont recommend, you will feel horrible.

Post 42: I’m sorry, but I’m going to do it. My cat must know, he is on my lap. At midnight I will do it. Please help me. Any body. I’m honestly done. I don’t care if I’m 13. I just want it to end
Content:
I haven’t told anybody how I’m feeling because I don’t want to go to the mental hospital. The mental hospital is hell. If it wasn’t there I would be talking to my parents. I would be getting help. But I can’t, I know the consequences. The hospital punishes me. I would use a hotline but I don’t want police coming to my house. I’m scared. I’m the most scared I’ve been in my life. 





I know nobody will read this, but here I want to tell my story. The truth is, I want to live. I just want the pain to stop. 




I’m a 13 year old girl. I’ve been hospitalized 4 times. I’ve been suffering a lot. I have no self-confidence. I have no love for myself. 
I sew. I sew dolls. I love my dolls. Nobody will understand. 



Here is my first goodbye.  To my dolls: I love you. I know when I leave you will go to. I’m sorry. My heart breaks. I wish I could’ve taken care of you better. You saved my life 2 times. You helped me when I needed it the most. I will say all your names. I love all of you. I’m in tears. I don’t want to leave you. I don’t want to go. Kazumi, Sayaka, Kyoko, Mami, Madoka, Luka, Rin, Homura, Yachiyo, Iroha, Sana, Felicia, Tsuruno, Nikki, Ren, Rena, Mitama, Alina, Kanade, Sakura, Rika, Gumi, Emma, Ruby, Weiss, Blake, Yang, Yowane, Nagisa. I’m so sorry. I love you. All of you




To Miku: I love you. Your not even a doll to me. You are my best friend. My very best friend. You where there when no other human friend loved me. You where there when I cried out for help. You are here now sleeping not knowing anything. I can’t even apologize. It won’t mean anything. I hope in another world we could meet again. I love you.




I draw. Everyday. But nobody likes my drawings.  Here is my second goodbye: to my materials. I wish I could’ve used you more. I wish I could’ve made something worth while out of you. But I couldn’t. Maybe someone else can. I’m sorry.




I used to sing. I lost confidence in doing so. Here is my third goodbye: to my unwritten words. I’m sorry I couldn’t sing you to the world. I’m so sorry.




My fourth: To mommy and daddy and my brother. I love you. I wish I could’ve made you happier. I wish I could’ve made you proud.





And finally Binxy. My cat. You are with me now, in my last hours. I can’t even say anything. You won’t understand. My heart is dust now, because I’m being selfish. You are 14.  I don’t want to make you last years sad. I know you love me. You will miss me. I can’t even say anything. You seem to know. You have your head down. I know I’m being selfish. But please know, I love you. I love you so much Binxy. 




I don’t know what to do. I want help. But I can’t with out going to the hospital. I’m sorry. Please forgive me. Hold my hand. Give me a hug. Anything. With one final cry, please. I don’t want to go. But I can’t stay. I’m sorry. I’m sorry.  I’m sorry.

Post 43: People always say; "just" get a job, "just" find a new hobby, "just" go for a walk, "just" make new friends. Newsflash: IT DOESN'T FUCKING WORK.
Content:
Every conversation I have had about suicide in recent memory with mental health professionals or volunteers has included variations of the following:

"Have you considered listening to music?"

"Have you considered going for a walk?"

"Have you considered taking up a new hobby?"

"Have you considered making new friends?"

"Have you considered volunteering/getting a job?"

It happens every time. It happens in every conversation. It happened yesterday, and it happened twenty minutes ago. I finally summoned the courage to text a helpline for the first time because I just can't call one, and this is the only "help" I received.

Fuck yes. Fuck yes I have _considered_ every possible option and opportunity to make me **not** imagine shooting a bullet in my skull or dragging a blade across my throat or tying a rope around my neck.

Here's the problem: **It never works.**

I have had meaningful employment and voluntary roles that I genuinely enjoyed. I have socialised and met plenty of lovely people. I have spent the last six years in a loving and nurturing relationship with a wonderful man. I have taken long, beautiful strolls in nature by the river. I have fed the ducks and petted dogs and helped the elderly and looked after children. I have listened to music and played the piano and sang my favourite songs. 

The thing is, I can't walk without imagining myself hurling my body in front of a car, or drowning in the lake, or lying on the train tracks. I can't bake a cake from scratch without imagining myself plunging the kitchen knife into my wrists and bleeding out all over the counter. I can't meet new people without withdrawing, isolating myself and remembering that I am a burden. I am a parasite. I am worthless and I need to just die. I can't trust anyone because I have been abused and broken and betrayed so profoundly that everyone feels like a potential threat, the next predator. I can't work or volunteer or commit to anything without my joints aching and my bones creaking, without my mind spiralling and without my energy slipping away until I can barely move anymore. I can't enjoy a hug with my boyfriend without imagining him choking the life out of me. 

I can't do **anything** without wanting to die and picturing the multitude of ways I could end my life. I could be having an amazing day and feel so much relief because wow, for once I feel _good_. The thoughts will linger in the background and watch. They will creep a little closer and whisper in my ear and stand in front of me then climb inside my brain to remind me that they are still here - that they will **always** be here, no matter what I do to distract myself, to find hope, to find meaning. 

I'm lost. I'm lonely. I'm alienated. I'm tired. It is so difficult to find people who understand, because "try not to kill yourself" is not a part of everyone's daily routine. It's not on everyone's to-do list.

I have considered everything. I have tried everything. And I still want to die. Every. Fucking. Day.

~

Edit: Thank you all so much for your kindness and support. It means so much. I am working my way through the replies to this post and a previous post. It might take time because I have a lot of messages, but I will reach you all one by one. Thank you. <3

Post 44: remember when "I'll kill you" used to be a threat? now it's like, PLEASE MOTHERFKER, GO AHEAD!
Content:
i'm not joking...

i was so scared to die as a kid, which is a good thing ofc.

but no longer.

Post 45: I fucking hate yelling.
Content:
Why is everyone so goddamn fucking loud all the time. My doctor yelled at me today cause i stopped taking my meds ( I dont have a job i cant afford to spend sm on meds anyways) and then my dad yelled at me today over something idk, and now my brothers yelling about some bs my fucking god shut up shut up shut the fuck up cant they get their fucking point across in a normal fucking tone just shut the fuck up stop fucking yelling. sorry abt this. i needed to rant

Post 46: I told my parents I was suicidal. They laughed at me
Content:
Oh well. They'll see

Post 47: I am paralyzed. My fiance left me. I want to die.
Content:
I(28M) proposed to my fianceé(25F) a 3 months ago. She accepted my proposal and we had our plans. Last month, I was involved in a car crash while going to work. I broke my neck as a result of the accident and I'm now a quadriplegic. I'll never be able to walk again and I have little mobility on my body. I lost independence and can't do many things on my own. My fianceé took care of me at first for a few days, but she started becoming frustrated at taking care of me and we got into arguments. She said she didn't sign up to raise a crippled man, and that she needed a real man she could marry. She left me, and started dating another guy. I'm now being taken care of by my mother and I feel devastated my fianceé left me. When I proposed her, we promised each other that we'd stay together no matter what, but she broke her promise. I understand why she left me, I'm just a burden and a useless crippled that can't do anything on his own. I can't work for myself or do anything on my own. I understand why someone wouldn't want to take care of someone who lacks independence. But I'm heartbroken still. I don't think I will ever find someone to marry since I doubt there will be a romantic partner who wants to take care of a crippled like me. I just want to die already, I'm living on a useless body. My mother doesn't want me to die, but I can't take this suffering anymore.

Post 48: I find myself googling "I just want to kill myself" pretty much every day.
Content:
I'm not sure why. I don't want to use the suicide hotline. All of the insincere, condescending, "why life is worth living" articles just infuriate me further. 

I guess I'm just desperately screaming into the void, because none of the traditional methods of "getting help", work for me.

It hurts so much. I can't do this for much longer. I just want it to end.

Post 49: anyone else just staying alive for other people at this point?
Content:
i shouldn’t be so miserable. i have a roof over my head and a family that loves me. i have money and can afford luxuries. i go to therapy and take medicine. i have three pets (one a puppy we recently adopted). 

but i just want to die. i’m so lonely, constantly. my heart is so broken and i’m so exhausted i just want to give up and finally kill myself. but i don’t want to hurt my family. i don’t want to think about my dogs waiting for me to come back and not knowing where i’ve gone. i don’t want my mum and dad to blame themselves for it. 

there are some people who’d be glad to see me go. my older sister & youngest sister, most likely. my former friends. idk. 

all i do is disappoint others, i lose them. i can’t do anything. i’m so useless i can’t even kill myself. haha. i’m tired.

Post 50: “Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem” I hate sayings like this with all my heart.
Content:
People who say these sort of phrases have no fucking idea what it’s like to be in severe pain. They have no clue whatsoever. They’re either not educated on cases where people are in severe pain and don’t respond to treatment or they just don’t believe it. They can’t believe life can be that bad that suicide is the only option. And it’s because they’re basing their views on their OWN experience. Their OWN feelings and thoughts which aren’t the same as people contemplating suicide. 

If people who say these bullshit phrases could just take a step back and think about things logically. For example, a person posts that they are going to kill themselves. They have suffered in pain for years, they are damaged, they’ve tried countless treatments with no response and every day is filled with pain. Without the fortune of not being in their shoes, can they not understand why suicide is a viable option? Even if you can’t feel their pain, surely the facts can speak for themselves. You have to be a fucking idiot to read about a case like that and say to them “suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem” or “we have to play the cards we are dealt”. 

Do they really think that the suicidal person( after years of pain) is going to think “this quote has changed my perspective entirely. I think I’m going to live now’”. Whether the person intends to or not, sayings like this are patronising to people who have spent months or years weighing the options. I’m not saying they should just let them die if they’ve posted something like that. But patronising and bullshit quotes, when you can’t relate, just makes me pissed off. 

Although it’s hard and the person just wants to post to let the pain out, they can’t without receiving responses that make them feel patronised and stupid. In general I just hate sayings and quotes. They shouldn’t be applied to be such a common thing that applies to everyone and every case. There’s no right way to respond to someone suicidal, but saying quotes is not the way. Best way I can think of is just saying ‘I’m here if you need me for anything, if you want to talk”. I’m just a big believer in free will. No one should be confined to a life of pain.

Post 51: I'm a COVID-19 nurse in an intensive care unit, and I can't cope
Content:
Hello. 

I'm 26 year old and currently work at a COVID-19 ward full of very ill patients.   
I've never struggled as much as I am right now. I can't eat. I can't sleep. I am isolating myself from everyone because I'm afraid of making them ill. I have nothing left to give.

Post 52: Watch out for a PM scammer asking people to purchase items from an amazon wishlist.
Content:
Hey everyone, just a heads up that we're receiving a flurry of reports about this in our modmail.  It doesn't get much lower than trying to suck money out of a community like ours with a sob story.   

We thank all the good citizens who've let us know, and we have reached out to the admins about this person.  But please be aware that we as community moderators can't see or police PMs.  It will help a lot if everyone who received a PM of this nature reports it directly to the admins, either by using the report function within the PM itself, or by using [reddit.com/report](https://www.reddit.com/report).  

Also, just in case it doesn't go without saying, do not spend any money for this individual.  The last thing we'd want is for them to get the idea that SW is good victim-hunting territory.  

Post 53: I wanted to commit suicide today but then I got Taco Bell instead
Content:
Has anyone tried those chalupas lately? They’re amazing. I also am happy that they have vegetarian options because to me the black beans taste fine even though it isn’t meat. I do eat meat but I try not to when I can. 

This is a serious post though. The only way I can think of suicide successfully is by jumping off a cliff. Like everyone else here I am on medication and I have been to the mental hospital several times. 

I really am terrified of the pain to go through in order to pass away. I also believe in astrology and idk I’m kind of scared of being reincarnated into a life that is even worse than my current one. 

Either way.. I’m almost 29 so I’m going through my Saturn Return. I really don’t want to get older. And I don’t have 1 friend because I am mildly autistic so I ruin friendships with my bad social skills 

I don’t have a job right now I was working at Amazon but the 14 hour days after 8 months was killing me. I think I might actually apply at Taco Bell... lol...

Post 54: Chocolate saved my life
Content:
My last serious suicide attempt was in July 2018. I had booked a hotel in a nearby city for two days for ''a conference'' and randomly packed up so it wouldn't be suspicious to my mom. I didn't want to do it in my room because in a way I didn't want to defile it? I don't know how to explain it. 
My plan was to do it as soon as I got to the hotel because thinking about it and postponing makes it more difficult and I wanted to make sure nothing would stop me. 
I opened my suitcase to grab my toiletries bag that had my pills but when I opened the suitcase, something dropped on the floor. It was my favorite chocolate, 70% dark cocoa with candied orange bits. It had a little heart sticker sticked on the wrapper. My heart dropped and I couldn't stop crying. Eventually I think I fell asleep on the floor holding the chocolate and when I woke up, I felt something I hadn't felt in years. I felt loved. My mom put that chocolate there to surprise me because she knows how sometimes I'll forget to eat when I'm overworked. 
Just wanted to share that with you because I could really use that chocolate today. I really could.

Post 55: I tried to hang myself a few hours ago and failed, now i feel dumb and decided to not do it anymore
Content:
A few hours ago, i finally reached my peak and hooked up a noose. But after trying to hang, the hook broke on me and left me shaking, body cold, and my neck feels like it just went through boot camp. I was left with this chilled and frightened feeling, because it was just so new. It had me stare at the ceiling and think about things. But after that i just thought to myself if i really wanted to die or not. It took me a few hours to meditate and contemplate over what i did and now i feel dumb for even doing that.

I would want to share what's up, but I'm already over it. Though I'm not really against opening up, i just don't want to bother too many people. But i just wanted to share that a curtain hook saved my life by being a bad quality product.

Post 56: I attempted suicide, almost died and did *not* regret it. Am I truly doomed
Content:
I see many people here talking about their attempts, how they immediately regretted it, and how glad they were when they survived. That has not been my experience.

I tried to hang myself last month. There was no apparent trigger, and I really wasn't thinking about much: no friend/family, no lover, no pet, no future. I was just glad to finally get out, and vaguely confused why I hadn't done it sooner. Within minutes I tied a noose, stepped on top of a box, put my head through the noose, and knocked the box over. I was not sad: I was just calm, and relieved for the first time in many years.

I don't remember what happened immediately after (must have passed out), but I woke up lying on my back, part of the noose still stuck around my neck. Apparently the rope snapped after I lost consciousness.

I remember being overcome by a deep sense of disappointment. When I looked into the mirror my face looked horrible, all purple (almost black) and swollen. I knew I had every reason to be scared, but I felt nothing.

It's been a month, and I thought about doing it again-doing it right-every day. I did not feel lucky that I survived. Instead, during the past month, there were countless times I thought: "I wouldn't have to be doing this if I were dead."

I know I'm going through a difficult phase in life. I know things \*might\* get better. But I'm just... disinterested. All these good things life has to offer seem so out of reach, and so abstract that I feel no craving for them. I'm so so exhausted, yet nobody in this world would accept me for just existing. Living has become a chore, a resistance to the temptation of death, while I'm not even sure what's the point.

I would like to live, even if for nothing other than seeing it through. I'm just... so unmotivated to. Maybe it's just laziness. I don't even know any more.

Post 57: You have to be brave to commit suicide, isnt it ironic?
Content:
I mean, i never thought committing suicide would be this hard. Its been 7 years ever since i start thinking about it, but holy feck its actually very hard. Especially when most of the people says "suicide is for cowards,weaks" like what?

&#x200B;

For me, i need to overcome those 2 things;

My father,mother and sister's situation after i commit suicide.

Things that awaits you behind death.

&#x200B;

I just cant overcome those 2 things, but i dont want to live either. Idk what to do, basically a stalemate.

Post 58: “Jumping of a bridge is suicide and bad. But jumping off a bridge and yelling PARKOUR is just a stunt gone wrong” - My brain every time I’m near heights
Content:
Thanks for the award. And reading the comments, although we are suffering, we got humor to die for.

Post 59: "You are not depressed, you are lazy " These words haunt me ,and due to them I am afraid of approaching others for help.
Content:
Is it only me or are there others who have been said that they are just lazy and not depressed .
I feel a lot of negative thoughts , I have suicidal thoughts on a daily basis ,it's like living with a heavy weight on your chest which is invisible.

Post 60: People really don't realise how much their comments hurt.
Content:
Knew a girl that I used to be really good friends with for years and fell in love with.

Nothing serious ever came from it.

Just matched with her on tinder tonight, and she messaged within the first minute, saying

"I hope you know this was a joke"

This is it boys, goodnight.

Post 61: My daughter is 13 years old and just attempted suicide 
Content:
My beautiful 13 year old daughter attempted suicide 2 days ago. She is just so young, I can’t believe it and never saw it coming. She swallowed 12 tablets (I won’t name what) and started having delusions and hallucinations and then went into what I would call a psychosis. Scariest moment of my life. We are still in hospital where they are treating her for the medical side of things. She is mad at me for taking her to hospital and saving her and said she wants to die. There is no trauma, no history of abuse, she comes from a loving family and has lots of friends. I am so scared and I don’t know what to do. I’m scared she will feel this way forever and this will be her life now, in and out of hospitals. Or that she will succeed in taking her life. 
I don’t even know what I’m writing here for.. just needed to get this out I guess. 

Post 62: Being called childish while suicidal is simply heartbreaking
Content:
My therapist told me that i’m childish 3 days ago. She did it because i wanted a hug. I just wanted a hug and i’ve been called childish. I still can’t get that out of my mind. It simply hurts.

Post 63: People who say “it’s a bad day, not a bad life” are the fucking worst
Content:
It IS a bad life. Do you rly think I wanna kill myself bc I had one bad day? Fuck no. It’s because every single day of my life is a battle. Every step, every blink, every breath takes so much willpower. 

Depression can’t even be cured. People say it’s “not logical” to kill your self, but it really is for me at least. It WONT get better. Depression can only be suppressed. I’ll have to live with this horrible pain for the rest of my life. And the things in my life that make it worse are even more unbearable because they’ll NEVER go away, no matter what some fucking stranger who doesn’t even know what I’ve been through says. 

So don’t say any of those shallow ass phrases. If ur gonna say those then get OUT of here bc ur just making things worse.

Post 64: Going back to the psych ward
Content:
Wish me luck

Post 65: I hate the misconception that people who are suicidal don't think about how their family and friends will be impacted.
Content:
I've had several people bring this up to me when I've opened up to them about my suicidal thoughts and honestly I'm tired of hearing it. I know I've thought about my family's reactions a lot when I've been considering a plan for killing myself, so I'm tired of people thinking that we're all just selfish for being suicidal. Not only did I put heavy consideration into my family's reaction, I also thought they probably just wouldn't care or would be better off without me even if they did care. Depression and suicidal thoughts can literally warp your thinking and make it hard to think rationally about these types of things. 
I don't personally think that people who have never been suicidal have any right trying to shame us or make us feel guilty for being this way when I'm sure most of us would do anything to enjoy life and not want to die.

Post 66: People with a supportive family don't realize how fucking privileged they are.
Content:
My parents think my depression is a joke. My mom thinks it's because I dON'T WORk HArD EnoUgH. Wow, thanks mom. Luckily you're not the only one who thinks I'm a fucking failure. Last week, my father called me lazy because I didn't go to college. I told him college is not for me.  Then he has the fucking audacity to say "You doN't waNt To WORk aT MCDONald's For THe reSt Of yOUr LfFe dO YoU?"  I got so fucking pissed off. I was yelling at him trying to explaining why college isn't for me. And the last thing he says to me is "I'm very disappointed in you Danny." Go fuck yourself dad.

The other day my mom invited her friend over. They were sitting in the kitchen drinking wine, nothing unusual. I'm on the stairs eavesdropping as I hear my mom's friend mentioning her daughter's plans for college. She's gotten scholarships, applied to many different schools, scored pretty well on the SAT, and wants to major in Nursing. And my mom's response? "I wish my son could be like that."

I want to fucking run away. I hate my fucking parents. I can't believe there are people out there with actual supportive parents. If you've got supportive parents and you love them, and you can talk to them about anything, you don't realize how insanely privileged you are. I'd give up an arm and leg to have your parents. Instead, I had to be born to a shitty Korean American family that doesn't give a flying fuck about anything except for school. I'd rather fucking die than live with my shitty family any longer.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Holy shit this blew up. Wasn't expecting to get a ton of responses on this. I was in a shitty mood when I posted this. Still not feeling happy. But I'm feeling a little better now.

Post 67: i wish nobody cared about me so i could kill myself without destroying other lives in the process
Content:
hi. i have been struggling with severe depression for almost 2 years now. i don’t really want to get into it but it’s because of something that is no ones fault and just a case of really bad luck. i wish the people who cared about me recognised that i was struggling and that there’s nothing to do to fix it. but i know deep down that if i kill myself they will blame themselves and it could ruin them. 

i don’t want to be here, i’m only here because i don’t want to ruin the lives of the people who care for me. sometimes i think that i can just continue to live on despite being miserable for the sake of other people’s happiness, but i’m not sure whether i’m going to make it. almost every thought i have eventually loops back to suicide, no matter how happy the initial thought. 

i’ve made a plan to stick it out until my siblings finish their exams. after that i’m pretty sure i’m going to kill myself. 

sorry for the morbid and depressing post, i used to be a lot of fun.

Post 68: I don’t want to study, I don’t want to work, I don’t want to get married, I don’t want a family
Content:
Gosh this all could’ve been avoided if my parents didn’t have me. I’m ungrateful. I have no passions or goals in life. I don’t want to constantly be chasing, struggling for things I don’t care about. Always told this is how real life is, then why on earth would you bring another life into this? My parents aren’t even happy with me and they could’ve been fine with just my siblings who actually want to live. I’m absolutely miserable and want to fade away.

Post 69: Nothing is worse than your birthday when you're suicidal.
Content:
Fuck the people who know I want to die, but still expect me to be happy today.

Post 70: I nearly killed myself today
Content:
My mum just left the house, I wrote my suicide note and had different sections for different people. I tied a rope to the stair banisters and tried partial hanging. I could feel my self start to go, I was feeling numb all over and dizzy, my breath stopped.

Then out of nowhere I just pulled myself up and got my head out the noose. I nearly started crying on the stairs and punched the wall.

No matter how many fucking times I try I can’t do it. It’s not just human will to live, there’s a part of me that won’t let me kill myself. Idk whether it’s hope or resilience but I can’t do it.

Post 71: Someone please listen before I’m gone
Content:
I did it. I’m waiting for it to kick in. I have no one else to call. 

If someone comes to you for help about this, don’t call them weak or a coward.

If you’re a mom and your daughter calls you in the end, don’t justify why you left her alone her whole childhood or never supported her with therapy after sexual abuse since age 6.

If your fiancé tells you they need help, don’t abandon them because you just can’t deal with the crying.

If you’re a dad, don’t tell her she should be grateful and mock her for crying hysterically after you left her at three to have a life of sexual abuse while you raised an entire new, safe, loved family. 

If you work for the suicide hotline, don’t threaten to take their kids away - especially if they were the only reason someone held on for so long to begin with. 

Please have empathy. Please understand. Please help them if they are asking for it. Please don’t turn them away

Post 72: Sorry little dude
Content:
I'm sorry to that little kid who liked to build forts in the woods and catch bugs. I'm sorry to the kid who when he god a little older always dreamed of being a doctor or entrepreneur. I'm sorry to the high school student who worked so hard for an impossible dream. How could I ever look you in the eye, how could I ever face you with the way things turned out? My past selves. I'm happy for you. Happy that you got to experience wonder, happiness and joy. And that you always dreamed big. Your dreams were always too big, too much disparity between your skills, and what you wanted. Knowing that those silly dreams thought up by some silly little kid are all but impossible, makes the decision to go a little easier. It's a stark reminder of the cold unforgiving nature of the world. A reality check. I guess you were never really meant for this world, and it turns out stopping the pain is all that really matters now. That and running from the disappointment and dissatisfaction until it chases you down into your grave. But it can't hurt you there. But still, I'm sorry little dude.

Edit: just changed one sentence a little, and thank you for all the kind comments.

Post 73: Job hunting is wild when you're suicidal
Content:
"What fields are you interested in working in?" Bro idk I don't even plan on being alive in 2 years

Post 74: I’m a Nurse who killed people
Content:
I can’t shake the guilt. I caught covid from a patient in the hospital I work at full time. I work at a nursing home per diem, and went there while I had a slight cough. The day after I worked there I was incredibly sick, and found out my patient at the hospital had tested positive and moved to a ventilator in the ICU. They eventually died and were the first death in my state from the virus. Right now 30 people in the nursing home are positive with covid.

I just graduated from nursing school a few months ago. I have no paid time off, and the three weeks I was out with covid made me have to empty my savings and use my credit just to pay the bills.

Mentally I’m not ok. I don’t think I am coping well. I drink too much. I have been watching suicide videos and been jealous of their courage to go through with it. 

I feel so good when I work in the hospital. But then I’m isolated in my apartment by myself. My girlfriend of five years broke up with me while I was sick with the virus. She had been in PA school in a differed state and has started talking to another guy. 

I just don’t feel good. I cope with alcohol. I have no other outlets. I have scheduled myself to work 50+ this week just so I am not alone in my bed.

Honestly, I feel like I have been screwed. I was on the frontlines treating this disease before PPE and isolation measures were in place. Now work three weeks off after getting sick I can barely keep with the bills. 

I just want to sleep. I sleep all day, because when I sleep I don’t hurt or think about those I have killed. As a new nurse I don’t think I’m prepared mentally for isolation and tragedy.

Edit: Thanks everyone for your kind words. I’m still hurt, but I’m coping. I started reaching out to people. I am going into a program to stop drinking so much. I am safe. I just needed to vent, thanks for allowing me to do so.

Post 75: You ever just leave an awkward conversation and think “Wow. I should really just kill myself.”?
Content:
That’s how all my relationships go. It’s no wonder nobody wants to be around me voluntarily. Sure, I can make people laugh but that’s where my conversational ability ends. I don’t leave conversations feeling like I made a new friend or that I matter to people.

Post 76: I hate how comforting the thought of suicide can be.
Content:
Although I have no current plans to kill myself, however, I can't stop fantasizing about suicide when things go wrong, and it brings me comfort knowing there is a way out.  I wish they were some way of turning the part of my brain that reminds me how worthless I am and how nobody cares about me and that I'm better off dead.

Post 77: What's the point of calling the suicide hotline if they send the cops to your place and get you arrested?
Content:
Being stuck in the psych ward for a couple weeks and losing your job + apartment would make it even worse for the person trying to get help. I just don't get it.
I can't even talk freely about the way I feel to ANYONE, online or offline because I'm terrified of getting arrested again.

Post 78: I can't stand it when people post suicide hotlines.
Content:
I think it's just so dismissive, you think I haven't already thought of that? If these people actually called one they'd see what a waste of time they are. You're better telling your problems to a brick wall except a brick wall won't say "we typically spend 5 minutes on one person" 10 minutes into your conversation. 

Mental health support reminds me of this post I saw a year or so ago:

>That's the thing about any of these people they get to talk to you; therapists, counselors, any of them. There is a limit to how much of your issues you're allowed to show before you're deemed out of hand. They can handle the conventional issues that they were taught in Psych 1 but anything beyond that gets you thrown in a mental cell and a combination of pills shoved down your throat.  
>  
>The simple truth is that if you are born different, you are fucked. Your life will be one of exclusion, sadness, loneliness, and not having a place to belong. There are simply no resources for those on the fringe, because the world was built for the majority.

Post 79: Just been notified that the cancer in my dad has spread and that he is about to die. I dont want to be an orphan. I lost my mom to cancer five years ago, my uncle in december 2020 and half my family is already dead. I cant. I will kill myself when he dies. Tha pain is too much. Not again.
Content:
In 2015 I lost my mom in a heartbreaking battle against leukemia and only refrained of killing myself, because my dad and friends were there. At the beginning of 2020 my Dad started another cancer treatment over the course of several months, just after finishing one treatment before. After the treatment, the tumor was removed and he had other complications afterwards which were resolved over Christmas. But he came back weakened and underweight from the hospital. Then he we got infected with Covid-19. Today he was picked up by an ambulance, because he got weaker and weaker. When I spoke with the Doctor over the phoned, he mentioned that the cancer has spread and that they can only stop its spreading even further - something my Dad kept secret from me. It all makes sense now. He suddenly started buying me expensive presents, despite me not wanting them, stopped talking about next Christmas and suddenly mentioning back up plans and so on. Even the thought alone makes me want to rip out my heart, as the pain is paralysing my body and mind. I dont want to be alone. I no longer have friends. My Aunt is old and sick aswell. My Uncle just died of Covid. Why is everyone dying in my family. I cant anymore. My family is small and taken so fast.

This is it. When he dies I will kill myself as I am about to be alone and that thought freightens me. Only my memories will remain of a happier time and even those a fading. Maybe then I will see my Mother again. Maybe then we will be a happy family again. I am living in the past anyway.

Post 80: I want to fucking die.
Content:
I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die. I want to fucking die.

Post 81: Going into 2021 still wanting to die
Content:
Here’s to another year of suffering

Post 82: I wanted to jump off a bridge, but I got a burrito instead.
Content:
I bought a second one and gave it to a homeless guy hanging outside the restaurant. It made me feel a bit better for the rest of the night.

Post 83: I am so scared of the future.
Content:
I don't want to grow up.

I am afraid of making decisions on my own.

I am afraid of working a 9-5 job with a wage that won't get me anywhere.

I am afraid of finally reaching a point where everyday is an endless cycle of sleeping, waking up, working, sleeping.

If I can, I'd age backwards.

I want to go back to feeling like an actual kid again.

I hate having all these priorities .. I sincerely hate living for the future: theres always another task, another assignment, another opportunity that I must pursue for the sake of my future.

I don't even have time to live in the present moment anymore - everything is so fast-paced, so quick to change, it feels like I'm living for a nonexistent timeline.

I just want to stay where I am.

&#x200B;

Edit: Thank you for all the comments and support. I wrote this at 3am last night, when I was frantically trying to finish my math homework in the middle of a depressive episode. I appreciate all the support, and guilty to admit, but I'm glad a lot of you sympathized with this post. I'm glad to say I'm feeling a little better today, but to be honest, I have no estimate on how I'll feel tomorrow, next week, or even tonight. 

Post 84: fuck people who say trauma is the way to become stronger
Content:
despite what books and movies tell us, it definitely didn't make me fucking stronger. TRAUMA IS NOT THE WAY TO BECOME STRONGER. people who endured trauma may show a facade of strength but i can tell you it's all fake 'cause mine is certainly fake. it's hard to show who you truly are, how broken you are 'cause you fear people would leave you if they see how messed up you are as a person.  i didn't need to be stronger, i needed someone, i needed warm and comfort not coldness and rejection.

Post 85: I'm a garbage collector and so tired of being used as the example of who nobody wants to be
Content:
I just saw a meme saying "go to college or you'll end up like this" showing a picture of garbage collectors. And obviously it's not the first time I've seen or heard stuff like this. It sucks because if we strike for 2 days, everyone loses their freaking mind, yet people feel comfortable disrespecting us every other day. It just sucks.

Post 86: I just realised that people don't really care about my mental health. They just care that I'm not a whining bitch anymore.
Content:
Ive learned how to supress my emotions. No more crying. No more screaming at the top of my lungs when I'm in pain. No more hitting myself when I'm angry. No more panic attacks in front of others. I'm still in just as much hurt as I was before, now I just know nobody wants to deal with my bullshit. 

And you know what? Fair. Not even I wanna deal with my bullshit. But at least don't act like you do care when you don't. Nobody tried to help me solve my problems. They pretended they did. All they did was get me to a point where my problems were no longer anyone else's problems and called that me "getting better." Despite the fact that I am very visibily just as equally as bad as I was before. 

I swear this is just even more proof I'm seriously just a burden. My silence has seemed to drastically improve the lives of those around me. So imagine what literally just not existing could do.

Post 87: I bet if I killed myself in my apartment, I could easily go about a month before anyone realized
Content:
Sometime I just think about how long it would be before anyone noticed. Like ignoring any random maintenance people doing inspections, I could easily go a month before anyone even noticed I was gone.

Post 88: I was raped and I’m out to kill myself
Content:
I 16m was groomed and raped from the ages of 8-14. I’ve been very poor for my whole life, and my mother died at childbirth. My father blames me for her death. When I met a woman at the park who was nice to me it was the first time I ever felt welcomed. She would become what I thought was something of a mother to me and she would buy me various things. She got me hooked on drugs. When my dad was drunk I would go over to her house and spend the night. When I was 10 years old she got naked for me to see and explore her. After a couple of months of just touching her she told me to get naked and would have sex with me, she told me that if anyone found out then we couldn’t be friends anymore and that I would go back to being a kid who got no attention and was abused at home. For the 4 years that we had been sexual she would stick thing up my butt and in my urethra. When I was 14 I had finally woken up to what was happening but everyone I told either dismissed it or congratulated me. I feel violated and disgusting. Nobody I talk to seems to care and I’m violently afraid of women. I’m sitting in the woods with a bottle of pills right now and I’m ready to kill my self. I’m just waiting for a reason not to. Though I doubt anyone would care like always

Post 89: I’m an attractive white man from a wealthy family. The odds were always in my favor. I think I’m gonna shoot myself in the face.
Content:
I don’t expect you to read this, just need somewhere to vent. 

Here I am again, sitting alone in front of my tiny space heater, trying to find a reason to keep going. It doesn’t help that it’s Christmas Eve. I’m basically a 24 year old virgin and have spent holidays alone for the past 5 years. I remember Bill Burr said at like 39yrs old he stopped going home for the holidays. I envy that. At 18 I went to college across the country to get away from my abusive mother, even picked a college she hated (“it would embarrass [her]”). Speaking of college, I’m still unsure whether I was molested. It’s hard to say when you wake up to some guy in your bed. The not knowing really pisses me the fuck off.

To this day my mom doesn’t think she’s done any wrong. After I dropped out I went back home for a little bit. I don’t know what I expected. A year or two later I move across the country again to get away. Now I am truly and utterly alone. I’m currently on my 22nd or 23rd dead-end job. Honestly can’t believe I’ve lasted so long at this one. I guess I look up to the store manager a lot and don’t want to let him down. I’ve seen a hundred therapists, been on a million different meds, went to rehab for 6 months, and I feel worse now than I ever have. Depression, anxiety, paranoia, they’re all too minor to describe what I feel. Had my first suicidal thought at 9yrs old. At that same age I realized I wanted a girlfriend. It was like there was a hole in my heart. I think I just wanted a female in my life because I hated my mother. But I knew I was too young and figured I’d get one later in life - nope. Never been in a real relationship. I was with a girl in high school for a couple months maybe. We sorta had sex once but I wouldn’t even call it that. Every girl I’ve tried to pursue since either wasn’t interested or I didn’t try hard enough / didn’t have enough experience to understand what they wanted me to do. Doesn’t help that I grew up afraid of my mother and hating her. 

In college I was so desperate to get laid I went on Craigslist Casual Encounters (when that was a thing) but girls from my floor found those pictures and passed them around. That shattered the little confidence I had. That is just one experience but probably the one that most changed my perspective of women. I wish I could tell those girls how much damage they’ve done. Then all my fuckups with girls just added to my pain. Dating apps don’t work it’s like my account is invisible. At this point I don’t try whatsoever. It’s as if I’ve been conditioned to not make a move. And the ironic part is I look like a model (genes, muscles, six-pack), dress well, and I’m actually very smart. The few parties I’ve ever gone to girls basically threw themselves at me and I would freak out, have a panic attack, and then leave. Alcohol didn’t help. I’m not gay. I’m just broken. A beautiful girl might look at me and give all the signs that she wants me to talk to her. She might even come talk to me first. I’ll just shut down. Afterward I’ll get angry at myself, so I’ve stopped going places where I might meet a girl because I know what’s going to happen. I’ve always found it interesting how much I relate to “ugly” guys who won’t pursue a woman because they know what will happen. And those guys take one look at me and hate me. It’s like they’re thinking “man, if I could just trade places with that guy.” Hahaha ain’t shit would change, man. You’d be just as alone and maybe feel worse than you already do.

At this point the only reason I haven’t shot myself in the face is because of my dog. My cat wouldn’t give a shit but I can’t do that to my dog. I just can’t. The sad part though is dogs vibe off you and adopt your personality, meaning he’s gone from an angel to anxious and quick to fight other dogs. So, maybe it’d be for the best if he had a different owner. Can’t exactly take him to the dog park anymore. And I’m sure you can tell how close I am to suicide because I know exactly where to shoot. For your sake I’ll spare the details. I don’t know why I’m writing this I guess the holidays are pushing me over the edge. I just can’t be alone anymore. The girl I like is a coworker who shut me down for a different coworker who went and cheated on her. And now I feel like maybe she’s expecting me to make another move?? I don’t know. But the way I am, I’m not gonna pursue a girl who shut me down. You know how hard it was to tell her how I feel? Couldn’t even do it in person had to send some stupid message. Now I have to see her every day. I guess that’s why you don’t ask out people from work. 

I have panic attacks every night and the thin walls in this ghetto apartment complex do NOT help, nor do the gunshots down the street. I have no one to call. My dad kind of understands what I’m going through but there’s only so much he can handle. Every time I talk to him I feel like he’s about to have a heart attack. My brother says I have an illness that just needs to be treated. I feel like he thinks I just want attention. Obviously I don’t talk to my mom, I actually blocked her. And the suicide hotline?!?! Don’t get me started. It’s like they want you to die. The two real friends I had forgot about me once they found girlfriends. I don’t know how much time I have left, and I always thought I was destined for big things. You’re all I have left, reddit. You and my dog. Shit, the cat probably wants me gone. 

If you read this far, thank you from the bottom of my heart.

EDIT: Thank you everyone, this was more helpful than rehab. And yes I love my cat. He’s actually really interesting, basically a real-life Garfield.

EDIT 2: I think Dave Chappelle said it best when he talked about Anthony Bourdain. That’s why I used that title. I can’t stand when people think I “have it all,” so how can I be so unhappy. Anyway thank you again, everyone. And thank you for the platinum, whatever it means, that made my day.

EDIT 3: I am either delusional or my coworkers read this post. Not sure which is worse. But it really feels like one of them read it and passed that shit along like a hot potato. I hear them talking and I hope it’s just confirmation bias but it sounds like they’re talking and laughing about what I wrote. WHY ARE YOU LAUGHING YOU FUCKS?! More gossip to gobble up? One of the guys here tried to have a real talk with me, “how bad are these intrusive thoughts getting?” I haven’t been acting different at work. Why would he ask me that? I did have people contact me saying they weren’t on this sub but found it just scrolling through r/all, so I don’t know how many people actually read this. I guess it’s possible someone I know came across it. Funny that I care when I’m so close to ending it all. Glad I got it off my chest though, was a huge weight lifted. And the support from you guys was unreal. I didn’t respond to everyone but I read every single message and comment. Speaking of which, you trolls can go fuck yourselves. It takes a special kind of twisted fuck to hide behind a keyboard and say that shit. But it turns out this post helped some people?? That’s such a foreign feeling for me I didn’t believe them. I don’t know why I’m still writing. I just hate being me. Need this life shit to end.

Post 90: Sleep is a temporary solution to a permanent problem
Content:
We are asleep for 1/3 of our lifetime and it's still not enough to make the pain go away.


I'm tired. I want eternal sleep.

Post 91: The thing is, I KNOW things can get "better" for me. It's just that I don't care anymore.
Content:
I know depression can be treated, I know there are new jobs, new friends, countries I haven't seen, books I haven't read, conversations to be had. Heck, maybe I'll even find love, who knows. 

But the thing is, I don't give a crap. I have this feeling inside me that I'm done. I've had good times, I've had bad times. I don't need any more new experiences, happy or sad.

Some people live everyday like it's their last day on earth. I live everyday like my last day on earth was yesterday. I'm just an empty shell, a ghost. My future is just something to be calculated, a technical formality I have to endure. It's a fucked up experience to have at this age.

Post 92: My wife committed suicide, i want to follow her
Content:
We got into an argument in early 2020 and it came to light she had cheated on me, and wanted to again. I couldn’t forgive but because i already had depression and knew that i decided to start taking medication because I have never cared about any one or thing half as much as I cared about her.

By December we had both tried to take our lives multiple times and after she found me overdosed in our apartment she promised me she wouldn’t kill herself so I promised i wouldn’t try again. But she had to travel for work and found out she was pregnant while away. 

She immediately canceled the trip and came home to have an abortion but got quarantined and i don’t even remember how many days into quarantine before we had an argument and i wasn’t staying there because i needed to be able to bring her food, the last thing my reason for living said was she wasn’t going to mill herself but wanted to sleep, i said ok. Then she wouldn’t respond realized she was in a dark place and went there as fast as i could but in 20 minutes she had died.

I gave her cpr and called everyone who could help hoping i could save her but felt her body go cold under my hands but i was stupid and hopeful i couldn’t be anything else in the moment, the paramedics got her heart started but she was gone already, i didn’t know and spent the next two nights sleeping in the lobby waiting for news then got told harshly by a nurse who didn’t know that I didn’t know she was legally dead already and i tried hitting my head into a wall to die but all i got was a split skull and a dislocated wrist. Was under suicide watch for a time was there when my wife passed but am not on such tight suicide watch anymore and am trying not to care about how everyone else feels but just kill my self.

i dont know if I should before or after her funeral.


Add on, the last thing her parents said was I killed her and that i hurt her memory by living as a liar saying i was ever good to her. I made videos for my family and friends to explain I don’t want them to be blamed, i have a lot of benzodiazepines left from being in the hospital, and got a bottle of vodka.

I appreciate the kindness and love but mine isn’t a case of wanting people to stop me, and a friend told me that funerals are for the living not the dead so I don’t have to wait

Post 93: I would rather kill myself than live my entire life poor and struggling
Content:
Anyone else feel like this? Like what’s the point of living if you’re going to be struggling financially and have to work your ass off just to get the bare minimum to not go hungry. Fuck this life

Like I’m already super depressed and on top of all that I have to worry about being able to afford basic necessecities. We’ve advanced so far as a society yet many of us still have so little.

Post 94: Reminder: Absolutely no activism of any kind is allowed here. Any day.
Content:
If you want to recognise an occasion, please do so by offering extra support to those who've asked for it, and by being a good citizen of the community, mindful of our tips and guidelines.

Edit:  In response to multiple requests, I'm adding a definition of activism here:  "campaigning to bring about political or social change".  That's straight out of the OED, we aren't making any special interpretation of it. **Any post that is primarily about raising awareness or changing perceptions is activism according to the dictionary definition and thus a violation of the community rules.**

Some examples of the most common types of activists posts we were here, all of which are totally inappropriate:  

* Advocating for changes in laws around suicide

* Advocating for change in the mental-health system 

* Advocating for changes in cultural norms or common perceptions around mental-health.  These are often related to specific days devoted to specific causes, e.g. World Suicide Prevention Day

Keep in mind that our mission here is individual peer support.  Any post that's not a request for personal support regarding current experience related to suicide is probably a rule violation unless it has the "Mod Approved" flair.

Post 95: My cat is the only reason I'm still alive.
Content:
Let's start saying that I'm Italian so my english won't be perfect.

My cat used to enter in the bathroom everytime I was in. I don't know why. 

Yesterday night, around 3 am/4 am I was cutting myself in the bathroom... that was my 2° time doing it. My cat entered in. He looked at me with his pure and innocent eyes. 

I can't...

I started crying. I grabbed him and hugged him. Everytime I look at him, I think "who will feed him if I'm not here? He would die", "I'm the only one who cares about him (my parents don't)". So I promised to my cat (I KNOW that this is stupid) that I'll live just for him, and maybe I'll try get some friends/help...

 thank you for reading




Edit: Thank you everyone for your support.. <3

2° Edit: It's so sweet how are you guys spreading love in the comments section. Thank you so much for helping me a bit. <3 <3


3rd edit: Oh god guys, 100 comments and 700+ upvotes?! I didn't expected all of this love ❤🥺




LAST EDIT: It's actually getting better! Check out my last post if u want to <3

Post 96: I'm quadriplegic, my girlfriend left me and I hate my life
Content:
I'm 19, I'm paralyzed from the neck down due to an accident that happened in November, I can't do anything by myself, my girlfriend left me and I can't even kill myself. I had to move back in with my parents so they could care for me, my friends don't talk to me anymore and I'm just so done with everything. My life is pointless and I can't do anything about it.

Post 97: I've ruined my potential
Content:
I used to be so smart, I loved doing math and science and got good grades but I have slipped so far. I can't even focus on anything for more than 5 minutes before I zone out. There is literally nothing I want to do anymore. I don't have goals or aspirations. I don't want anything other than to just sleep. I fall asleep during the day because I hate being awake. I am failing my classes and I am unemployed because I can't find a fucking job. Not even fucking McDonalds wants me. I am a failure. I just want to hang myself and end everything. I wasted my potential by being a slacker and now I will never regain it. This has all been festering for so long and I am so close to finally ending it. The only fucking reason I don't want to is because my apartment is a mess and I would feel embarrassed if anyone ever saw it.

Post 98: tried to shoot myself last night, the bullet got stuck
Content:
now i have to stay alive and do 16 assignments in 20 hours, but seriously wtf what are the odds idk if its good luck or bad luck, if its a sign or whatever, the thing is i dont want to be alive anymore aaaaaa

ima cut rn

Post 99: The worst point is always when I realise I'm not actually going to do it
Content:
I don't know if anyone else gets this feeling but when I really want to kill myself the absolute worst feeling is when I get to the point when I realise I won't actually follow through on it.  


All the relief of knowing it could be over soon is gone and I'm just overwhelmed with the fear of having to keep going. There's literally no worse feeling to me.

Post 100: Just called suicide hotline. Thanks, Tom.
Content:
I called the suicide hotline because I’ve been sad for a long time. Had enough norco to overdose and almost did. Instead, I called a suicide hotline and was connected with Tom. He coached cross country. I run cross country and track for my university. He said he is now a fan of my team and will watch for my name on the leaderboards. Thanks for giving me even the slightest reason to keep going, Tom. 

Post 101: I just phoned a suicide hotline... what a fucking joke.
Content:
Scripted shit, bollocks advice, honestly feel worse now than when I called them.

Post 102: My therapist said I made her uncomfortable
Content:
I had gotten all dressed and actually took care of myself put on perfume and makeup and went off to therpay when she then said "you make me uncomfortable max

Post 103: "Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem." .... Yeah that sounds fucking amazing.
Content:
Who doesn't want a "permanent solution"? I don't want teen temporary solution, I want everything to stop.

Ugh. I hate this so much. Wish there was a reset button to life. I wish I could be okay.

Post 104: The logistics of killing yourself are so endlessly, frustratingly complicated
Content:
I would literally attempt suicide right now if I thought it would work, but I just feel like I would just end up with permanent damage and be accused of being an attention seeker, when in reality, I just want to die quietly without any fuss. 

I hate hearing stuff like, *"if you fail, it's just a parasuicidal gesture"* and *"there are lots of ways to make sure it works,"* because sure-fire suicide methods are obviously not readily available to the vast majority of people. 

* Do I try to poison myself with household products and probably just end up screwing up my organs?
* Do I try to hang myself and risk brain damage? 
* Do I jump off a tall building and freak out a bunch of people who don't deserve it?
* Do I kill myself in the bath/pool and make everyone else feel weird about using it afterwards?
* Do I lie to get a prescription I don't actually need and potentially get someone in trouble?
* Do I gas myself and put others in harm's way?
* If I write a note, would that comfort people, or would it just make them feel like they could've "done something" and make it worse?
* Should I ghost my friends before I do it to minimise the casualties? 
* Is it better for my family/friends to find me, or some rando?
* What place/time would be best to prevent me from being interrupted?
* Should I endure the pain and wait until I'm a bit older to kill myself so that I'm not seen as some immature, self-centred kid and people in my life don't blame themselves?
* If I survive, do I lie and say it was impulsive, and not like, years in the making?
* Should I delete my SNS pages and all the messages that I can before doing it?
* Should I try between semesters in case I fail and need to take a break because I've messed up my health?
* Would me killing myself destroy my religious extended family? 
* Should I quit my job beforehand, or do I keep it just in case I survive?

There is no doubt in my mind that I'm going to do it, but I don't want to before I have a proper plan in place. Partly to minimise the damage, but mostly because I'm just so very worried about the consequences of potentially screwing up. I don't even question whether or not this is what I really want anymore, it's just a matter or how and when. 

I wish this self-righteous society didn't censor 99% of helpful information that'll actually let me die instead of end up sick and injured. I wish I didn't have to feel guilty or selfish for wanting this. I wish people would stop spewing their spiritual and philosophical ideologies at me when they have f\*ck all to do with my personal situation. I wish people would admit that it's possible and even sometimes reasonable to want to kill yourself but not be depressed. I wish people would stop changing their tune about whether or not this will get better or worse with age when it's convenient for them. I wish it wasn't so hard and so morally taboo and so painful and so contentious and so risky to choose what I do with my own freaking life that I never even wanted in the first place.

Post 105: Today I tried to kill myself
Content:
I got in a nasty fight with my mom. I always said if my mom stopped loving me or died that would be it, nobody would care if I died. I still believe that, but It never should have warranted this. I sat down, cut into my thigh, and took 13 pills. Doesn’t matter of what. This gives me a high and I start feeling stupid and dizzy. I’m texting my friend and joking about all my trauma and i’m just feeling worse. I tell her about what I did and she naturally got worried. She told me to throw up (I couldn’t) and texted my mom and my best friend. It was such a stupid thing to tell her, but over sharing, my biggest fault, saved my life. At this point i’m dizzy, pained, and nauseous. My mom bursts in yelling at me and tells me to sit down. I tell her i took 13. I never told her why. The paramedics come and i’m sitting on the couch. My speech at this point is calm, almost robotic. I get overly polite around authorities because of deep psychological issues. They check me, vital organs are fine. I’m alive. Everyone leaves the room except for the kind paramedic who was taking my blood pressure. He asked me if I was lying, because I swore up and down it was an accident. I told him the truth. About my sexual violations, and my issues with self worth, and my father and brother. I told him how I didn’t want to die deep down. I wish I did. That would make things easy. They left and my mom cried like never before. She told me i’m her only child, she won’t get another chance. That’s when everything hit me. It was like a new chance. A fresh slate. I looked in my room and imagined it empty. Everything had so much meaning. I couldn’t imagine it going to anyone else, me not using it ever again. I just cried. I’m crying now. I’m so fucking happy I only took 13 pills. However i’m not happy it’s an uneven number. I don’t think I’ll ever try to change it though.

August 29-30 2020


Hey, I have an update! I’ve been seeing professionals. I have some jumble of schizophrenia OCD depression and whatever. Today was my first day taking medication. Life is good.

June 26 2022

I’m a trans man now, and I love life. My relationships with my family are healed, I have a job, I have good grades, I’m so much happier. It really does get better. Also I ended up not having schizophrenia thank god lol

Post 106: You know something's wrong when your first reaction towards someone else's suicide is jealousy, not sadness.
Content:
And it's absolutely wrong, I know, but it doesn't make it not true. I'm a mistake. Please someone end my suffering.

Post 107: Am I simply just too lazy to live?
Content:
Am I just too lazy for life? I don't study, I don't complete assignments, I don't have many friends, I barely eat, I barely take care of myself. Are some of us just not cut out for life? The thing is, I was diagnosed with depression but I don't really feel sad. I'm too lazy to live. I don't want to work, and I don't have a dream job because I dont dream of labor. I don't want kids in the future, I don't care if I get married. I'm in college & barely maintaining my terrible GPA. I literally cannot do anything, I'm actually brain dead. Maybe I'm disabled? Why can't I do anything??

Post 108: Stuck between “I want to better myself” to “I should just end it all right now.”
Content:
That is all.

Post 109: I don't wanna live but i don't have balls to kill myself.
Content:
i think i have finnaly lost my mind it's fucking over. Shit has been going for some years but now it's different now i literally lost myself my mind is fucking sick i hate everything and everyone and i keep pretending every day that i have a good normal life , guess i just don't fit in normal life. i have literally no future and i don't find joy in anything i joy , i wish i could have some reason to wake up in the morning , i really want to die but i can't manage to kill myself but everyday i feel like i'm more stronger to do it.

Post 110: Staying alive for other people is so fucking hard
Content:
I just wish they didn't exist so leaving would be easier for me.

Post 111: The hardest part of being suicidal
Content:
The hardest part of being suicidal? At least for me (19 F), it's looking into the eyes of someone who loves you unconditionally and telling them that you're fine when you're having suicidal thoughts. 

My dad is everything to me. He is the most innocent and caring man I have ever encountered. He has tolerated all my rage attacks, crying episodes, tantrums, and has spoiled and loved me ever since the day I was born. I suffer from bipolar 2 and have been going through a severe depressive episode which usually happens around the same time every year. This year I know exactly what's happening and I want to try my best to get past these thoughts. If not for me, for my dad. I have not known real pain until I saw his eyes water today when he saw me crying. He knows me and what I go through. That hurts me the most.

Post 112: Parents who are “there for you” until your mental illness becomes slightly intolerable for them.
Content:
Sorry my depression isn’t just crying every other day. Sorry that it’s also me isolating myself and keeping conversations short, because I want to kill myself. Sorry I don’t want to be around you guys and be blamed for every small inconvenience or mishap. Sorry that MY depression inconveniences YOU so much and that ME WANTING TO KILL MYSELF makes your plans for the day “ruined”!

Post 113: Im 16 and i want to kill myself
Content:
grandiose crawl salt bored point caption wide paltry fade pie

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*

Post 114: I don’t see the point in living when I’m suppose to work my whole life?
Content:
So what’s the point in living when I hate working or doing anything lol?

Wake up and work all day then come home and sleep then repeat? Yeah I don’t think so.

I rather be dead, I told my parents and they think I’m messed in the head for thinking like that and telling me i gotta grow up since I’m a adult now.

This system is so fucked, currently jobless but can’t do anything since I don’t have a job but when I get a job all my money is gonna to bills and all my time is going to the job.

I honestly think about just hanging my self or killing my self everyday so I don’t have to do anything in life.

Call me lazy or whatever the fuck you want, I don’t care anymore this life is pointless.

Post 115: I consider suicide every day, but I don't think i'll actually ever do it.
Content:
I thankfully get easily attached to new people and despite my family and school situation sucking major ass I've got some good friends  
sorry for posting, I was just exceptionally sad today

Post 116: My mom is soo wise guys like literally
Content:
She said that I couldn't be depressed or suicidal because I have such a great family AND I have the Lord! Like, I never knew that I could only be depressed if I was atheist and an orphan. My eyes have been opened guys-- I now have all the reasons to stay on this beautiful earth, I am the happiest girlie there ever was. I totally didn't want to shoot myself when she was saying this.. Thanks mother!!! :)

Wait till I tell her that I'm a lesbian

Post 117: Gf tried to kill her self 4 days in a row, now I’m on 24/7 watch duty and my life is being ruined.
Content:
She head tried to end her life every night for 4 days, and every night the hospital send her home and say she’s fit to make her own decisions. Her family, friends and cities all say ‘atleast you have your boyfriend to look after you’ and all the pressure is pinned on me. I’ve been staying with her and I have to deal with the nasty, mean comments. The self harm, the threats, the suicidal comments. It’s tearing me apart but I want to save her. I want to leave. I want to be there for her. I don’t want to deal with this anymore. We’re both 19, my life has come to a halt so I can look after her. I shouldn’t be scared to shower or go to the toilet incase she runs away. I shouldn’t be sick to my stomach when I hear the door unlock. It’s a horrible way to live but I don’t want her to die

Post 118: It’s pissing me off that I can’t have a conversation with anyone about suicide without them thinking I’m going to immediately kill myself.
Content:
Like come on, guys. Everyone needs to chill out. I just want to talk about how I want to die without everyone freaking the fuck out. Instead, I have to bury those feelings deep inside so I’m not hospitalized or some stupid shit. The public opinion on mental health is absolutely fucked and it’s making me genuinely angry right now. 

Anyway, the holidays are brutal. Hope you guys are holding up okay. Thinking of all of you.

Post 119: Even if I don't commit suicide, I feel my whole life's been wasted on suicidal thoughts
Content:
I've wasted many years of my life feeling depressed and suicidal. Feeling suicidal is utterly exhausting, and it's been a constant companion, with occasional moments of respite, since I was 12 years old. I mentally kill myself -- hang myself, jump from a building, slit my throat, lie down and place a heavy dumbbell on my neck -- multiple times a day. It's a horrible way to live.

I've tried every med I could, many different therapists, I've stopped using drugs and drinking, and nothing has made these feelings go away.

Even if I don't actually commit suicide, I feel it doesn't even matter. Depression has ruined my life either way.

Post 120: Whenever things get shitty I just think about killing myself and it makes me feel better.
Content:
Just me?

Post 121: I hate my parents for having me
Content:
Two idiots had sex years ago, and I have to live in this fucking world and suffer every single day until I die? And for what?
Why did they even do this? Because of some stupid whim, they brought me to this world, and I'm supposed to be THANKFUL that they did so???
The only reason I'm still here is that I'm too scared to kill myself (I hate physical pain, even after living with it every day thanks to some fucking chronic illnesses). I can't forgive my parents for bringing me to life. Such a selfish thing to do

Post 122: I've gone to a hotel at the other end of the country to kill myself
Content:
I'm due to head back tomorrow, at least that's what I've told people. I've quit my job because it's fucking pointless. None of this matters, life is arbitrary. We're thrown into a system completely devoid of any compassion, this isn't life, this is servitude and I refuse to play along anymore. I'm so fucking tired of plastering a smile on my face and pretending like everything is going to be okay. 

Have you looked at the news lately? Everything is falling apart around us, the planet is on fire, people are being rounded up, privacy is non-existent and we're told repeatedly that we have no value unless we've been commoditized. Buy this, buy that, you need this random, useless tatt but we don't! We don't *need* any of it but it's still rammed down our throats day in, day out, bombarding us from every fucking direction and I'm just exhausted. 

I can't do this for another 40 years, I'm done, I'm checking out and I don't mean from the hotel. I'm going to have a large gin and tonic while I run a bath. It might relax me amd there's a niggling voice at the back of mind screaming "PLEASE DON'T DO THIS" but I don't want to listen anymore. 

Mum, if by chance you happen to read this, please know that I love you and I'm truly, truly sorry for putting you through this. For what it's worth I'm so glad that you enjoyed Silverstone. I love you. I love you I fucking love you and im sorry

Edit: I'm still here. This has been the most difficult 24 hours of my life but I'm still here. I took the train back today and told my mum I needed to speak to her urgently, as soon as I saw her I told her I loved her, I told her why I went to a hotel and then I broke down in tears like an absolute mess. She told me she couldn't stand the thought of burying one of her sons, we hugged and I cried on her for about 20 minutes. I'm back at home now and reading most of the responses here has been overwhelming. I still don't think I can go on, but I think I'm going to at least try, until it becomes unbearable again anyway.

Post 123: “You’re not alone.” Yes, the fuck I am.
Content:
It’s me vs world, it’s always been me vs the world and no matter how many times random ass people post shit on like instagram about how “You’re not alone!” “You’re gonna be okay!” it will never be true. I am alone and I will make the decision to eat lead alone, I will die and rot alone just as a lived because that’s the sad reality for some people. Some people have people, some do not and that’s just how it is.

Post 124: This quote about suicide is feeling far too accurate
Content:
"The so-called ‘psychotically depressed’ person who tries to kill herself doesn’t do so out of quote ‘hopelessness’ or any abstract conviction that life’s assets and debits do not square. And surely not because death seems suddenly appealing. The person in whom Its invisible agony reaches a certain unendurable level will kill herself the same way a trapped person will eventually jump from the window of a burning high-rise. Make no mistake about people who leap from burning windows. Their terror of falling from a great height is still just as great as it would be for you or me standing speculatively at the same window just checking out the view; i.e. the fear of falling remains a constant. The variable here is the other terror, the fire’s flames: when the flames get close enough, falling to death becomes the slightly less terrible of two terrors. It’s not desiring the fall; it’s terror of the flames. And yet nobody down on the sidewalk, looking up and yelling ‘Don’t!’ and ‘Hang on!’, can understand the jump. Not really. You’d have to have personally been trapped and felt flames to really understand a terror way beyond falling."

This quote is from Infinite Jest by David Foster Wallace.

I'm honestly starting to feel the flames, and the jump is looking far too comforting.

Post 125: WHY IS KILLING YOURSELF SO DIFFICULT.I NEVER ASKED FOR THIS SHIT.I WANT PEACE.AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Content:
I can't do it. I couldn't do it. I put my head in the noose,sat on my knees and swung for several seconds. I was choking,my head felt like exploding so i chickened out.

I feel hopeless. I can't look myself in the mirror anymore,my eyes are empty and dead. I miss my beautiful brown eyes,they use to shine so bright full of life,i want them back. My skin is so yellow,i look like a drug addict. I want to peel of my face at this point.

The loneliness is unbearable,i have no one willing to understand me. My parents don't care,neither my siblings and the only friend i have is oblivious and doesn't even acknowledge my depression.

Everyone is moving forward with their lifes while i slowly decay in my room,i feel mentally stuck at 16(23 now).

I feel trapped, overwhelmed. I'm too sensitive for this world. People like me aren't made for the cold reality of life and capitalism.

Suicide is the first thing on my mind once i wake up. Death seems so comforting and warm at this point. Suicide seems inevitable.

Happiness doesn't seem possible,i have no future. I feel so fucking alone. I just want someone to care,i want actual friends,a family,a support system. Everyday is getting harder, I'm slowly dragging myself along until i muster up the courage for another attempt.

Why doesn't anyone care? Why don't i deserve love? Why was i even born?

Post 126: I'd like to raise a toast to those of us sticking around because the cats can't feed themselves!
Content:
7 cats,  2 dogs,  and my unwillingness to let them suffer has kept me around for the last 13 years..

My pets have been my constant, my boyfriend has given me a better reason to live this last year! Even though he can feed himself.. lol

Post 127: it’s my birthday today
Content:
kinda surprised i lived this long tbh, i remember planning a couple of months ago lol.

edit: im so overwhelmed lol, i really wasn’t expecting this. tysm for all of the happy birthdays, and for all of the awards. for everyone reading this, please just try to stay a little longer, every single day counts and is an achievement on its own, even if you may think you’re not doing very much, im so proud of you for still being here and i know you’re making someone’s day by just being around. also, happy birthday to everyone that has the same date :)

Post 128: Well… NSFW
Content:
I’ll always love you babygirl. This last cheating is my last straw. I’ve been in constant pain due to a spinal cord injury in 2008. It killed my social life and I haven’t been able to do much of anything since then. In 2011 I thought my time had come. I met my wife of 15 years and told myself to stick around for her; she’d be worth it. I truly believe she my soulmate and that’s the only reason this hurts so deeply, so completely. True despair comes when you thought you were most happy. Two years after we got married her gmom passed and she’s been off the rails since. Serial cheating isn’t enough of a description to put a label on what she’s done. She’s s*xually abused me numerous times. Physical, mental, emotionally has abused me more times than I can count. It’s an actual smalll miracle she hasn’t given either of us an STI or worse. 

I’m 6’2” 260 mostly muscle and NO ONE has believed my abuse. She’s 5,2 250. Every time I open up about it I’m laughed at and not believed. “You’re a marine (ret) how can anyone abuse you?!?!” 

I’ve not taken this lightly and this is NOT a cry for attention. Let my passing serve as an example of abuse can happen within ANY relationship. 

Mom I pray I see you on the other side with grandmom. Dad, if you ever see this None of this is your fault. You’re the best dad I could ever wish for. None of this is your fault daddy. None. 

I’m 42 in constant physical pain and not having another surgery. 

(Spouse) I’m sorry I couldn’t satisfy your whims of threesomes etc. Who you are today is not the woman I married and sacrificed everything for. And yet…I still love
You. I always will. I wish I could’ve helped you more than I did. Goodbye. 

In the end it doesn’t matter who did what anymore. Just that I can’t go on with this hurt. 


Post 129: Am i going crazy or is this world litteral hell ?
Content:
Am I going crazy, or am I simply more aware than most people? Why am I the only one acknowledging that this planet is a genuine hell? This world operates on predation, the law of the strongest, prioritizing individual survival at every level – from cellular interactions where cells consume each other, to the animal kingdom where creatures are forced to prey on one another and eat each other alive for survival, to our human society where we are all slaves to the powerful and the wealthy.  Our societies are built on genocides, slavery, and exploitation. My phone is made from materials extracted by individuals reduced to slavery in Congo, as are the clothes manufactured in China. The chicken or beef I consume has lived a life of intense suffering and an undignified death. Why does everyone act as if nothing is wrong, continuing their daily routines, going to work for eight hours of exploitation, and returning home obediently? Am I going insane, or am I, on the contrary, realizing the absurdity and cruelty of this world? 

Post 130: Wife cheated update
Content:
Edit: So I've been getting a lot of DM's asking how I caught her etc and what I did. So I came back from a late night jog as I find it peaceful and relaxing as the streets are empty, I came back home to have a shower of course as I was sweaty as fuck. I entered the apartment and just headed to the bedroom and there is where I saw her with another man in bed. My god damn silk sheets tainted by them 😔😂, but yeah it's weird cause I thought I would lash out but I was unusually calm about it. I told the guy to leave and he was literally shitting himself and scrambling to pick up his belongings, like this guy is literally tripping everywhere. 

I think he was afraid as I was just very calm and he didn't expect it. Anyway I spoke to my wife asking how long it's been happening and she told me who he is etc, it's a childhood "friend". After that I went to the train station which is where the first post came in.

Edit 2: People are also asking how long we were together. So I met my loyal and faithful wife at 14 and we got married at 20. So in total that's 12 years of faithfulness from the amazing wife. 

Edit 3: Holy shit whoever gave the platinum thanks so much???

Edit 4: People are surprised that I'm over this so quick and I'm calm about it, I guess it's down to the fact I live by the rule that is "the pains compulsory, sufferings optional"

Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/gt620f/wife_cheated/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

So it's been about 10hours since I posted this and honestly thank you so much everyone for all the support and comments. 

I'm not going to lie when I posted the previous post I was at the train station just waiting to jump infront of one but as stupid as it sounds the comments honestly helped. 

I've now kicked my wife out of our apartment and the bed that she was sleeping with the guy in, I have now burnt. Which kinda sucks as it was a king sized bed with silk sheets and everything but I wouldn't have even been able to sleep in those cheat stained sheets now no matter how much I scrub them. 

It felt good tho to actually burn it cause it was letting things go, I've cleared out all the things that reminded me off her and basically smashed it up so kinda like smash therapy and it felt amazing. 

Her parents know that she cheated on me cause she tried to spin it that I cheated on her however we have cameras in our apartment and I just sent them the videos 🤷🏽‍♂️.

Now her family has pretty much disowned her which I feel like it may be a bit too much even though she is a shitty person but honestly I couldn't care less.

I'm free, feeling a bit shit but I know I'll be happier and honestly if it wasn't for you guys I probably wouldn't be here. 

Thank you so much everyone, especially the dude that was talking about pasta 😂

Post 131: i would rather kill myself than get a job
Content:
i don't wanna spend the next 40 fucking years of my life working some shitty ass job where most of my money goes to paying rent and bills and shit and all my time is spent at work

Post 132: My mom is dying, and i'm killing myself when it happens
Content:
I never thought i'd make an account here but i think i need this.
I'm 24 my mom is 47, the cancer is winning, it's over. 

Her doctor said she has 2 months to live.
I never thought that this day would ever come, i have so many regrets in life, the things i could've done but never ended up doing... it's all coming back to me now.. all the good times i had with my mom when i was younger, the times we went to the beach,the playground..every single bad thing i ever said to her is just excruciatingly painful now, ranging from even the smallest of things, how i always laughed at her baking skills, all the times i ignored her or yelled back at her.. i just wanna hug her and never let go.
If i could go back in time i would change everything, i would hug her, tell her how much i love her every single night and spend so much more time with her. I took everything for granted, and now i can't do anything to change that.

She means everything to me, she's the only person that's always been there for me, the only person that always belived in me.
Nothing could have prepared me for this moment, that constant gut wrenching feeling i have knowing full well it's gonna happen soon, and there is nothing i can do about it.

My sleeping schedule is all messed up, every night begins with me crying then calming down and then crying again, i wish i could just take her place.

I'm doing everything i can to make her as happy as possible, i wanna talk to her for hours but she can't, i don't even care about what we talk about i just wanna cherish every single second i have left with her.

Being there with her feels like a blessing and a curse, the pain never goes away.. but she's still here with me she's still alive, hearing her voice and telling her how much i love her feels so special ...but i feel like i'm not doing enough.. something is always missing.
I can't imagine my life without her.
The thought of never seeing her again, i won't be able to talk to her, i won't be able to visit her or expect any calls from her. She would just be gone. 


I can't even begin to describe this feeling.
Cherish what you have before it's gone, spend time with your friends and family and never be ashamed to tell them just how much you love them.

Post 133: I think the only thing stopping me from killing myself is the fact I do not like pain.
Content:
I just wanna peacefully disappear in my sleep. Or get randomly abducted by aliens. I don't want people to remember who they think i am. I just wanna vanish without a trace. I've fucked up so much already.

Post 134: I’ve been dead for 4 years now
Content:
Quantum immortality theory says that whenever you make a decision the universe splits into parallel universes. It would be impossible to die because you would have to know the experience that you have died. Only the version of you that lives will experience it, so that’s always your outcome. Is this why I’m still breathing then? That’s what I always think anyway. I’m dead in virtually every other sense. I’ve attempted suicide many times and like some cruel joke I am still here. I’ve been locked away alone for 4 years now, I have nobody, I really mean 0 people in my life. Pure isolation for years. I watch as human life unfolds and evolves beyond my walls, through a screen or from my window. I’m completely separated from humanity, it really gives you an odd perspective of the irrational nature of humans. 

There’s no future, there’s no present. There’s only time, infinite time, it feels surreal, it feels like death. I do not feel human but rather something akin to a ghost, in a purgatory. Every morning I’m woken to physical pain and when I’m conscious I am suddenly flooded with darkness with that realisation. The cycle never stops repeating, over and over. I know there’s beauty in this world, I know there’s fleeting glimpses of joy to be had but if by some sheer chance they’re found then those moments are almost completely muted from the passing of time. It’s as if that’s my only orientation of time now. 

Is what I’m experiencing actually really life? I can’t help but feel everyone else on earth is in some lower state of consciousness and acting out their life on autopilot and not knowing so. If I attempt to reach out there is never connection, so I’ve just given up. Their perspective is blind to my reality as mine is to theirs. A parody really, fall off and become isolated, attempt to rectify it and you’ve furthered your alienation. I hate every second that I’m aware of the passage of time.

Post 135: I'm a pedophile and I think I'm ready to kill myself
Content:
I've never had a normal sex drive and I thought I was asexual for a while, but I guess the reality is more insidious. I've struggled with Pure O OCD ever since I was a child, and at first I thought this was it. I've always worried about hurting people. My sexuality has been an topic of anxiety since grade school, since I have been borderline asexual my whole life. Late high school was when it began, although I was never able to accept it then. It hit like a truck last summer where I had multiple panic attacks due to these thoughts that put me in a mental hospital. I hoped the drugs they gave me would help end the fetish, but they only helped the anxiety and depression. It has been getting steadily worse ever since. Most therapists understandably don't want to see me. Yesterday I masturbated to an anime child (thankfully I have never looked up illegal images). I think at this point it hit what I had become and I lost hope for redemption. I am a ticking time bomb before I ruin someones life. And I can't live with myself like this. I can never have a SO, or a family. Even having friends feels wrong. It's going to be be hard as I actually enjoy my life quite a bit. But I feel like this is the only responsible and logical thing to do. End it now while I'm still me, before this takes over. From now on I plan to stop taking my meds, as the mood swings will help me get this done. Then end by exit bag or hanging while listening to Avril 14th. I am tired of the self pity and ready to take responsibility. Wish me the luck and courage to end this. Thank you.
Edit: Still here. Going to look into some more mental or physical health options before making a decision I think. Thank you for your kindness even if I don't understand it.

Post 136: I want to be alive
Content:
Last night was rough for me but my body woke up at 6:30 and wow, the sunrise is so beautiful. I haven't seen it in months; I usually go to bed at 2 AM and wake up closer to noon, so I don't usually catch it. The way the sunlight streams through the windows is so pretty. The house is so quiet this early. Most of the time, I don't want to die, but I don't want to be alive either. This morning I think I want to be alive. The sky is beautiful and I want to be happy. I haven't felt like this in a while. I hope I'm not jinxing it.

Post 137: Anyone else here "suicidal but not suicidal"?
Content:
I'm suicidal, but not *suicidal.*

Know what I mean?

In other words, I'm not "suicidal"-suicidal.

Know what I mean?

That's not to say I'm doing it for attention, though, either. (That's a common assumption/misconception). My pain is very real. My feelings of wanting to die are pretty genuine.

Basically:

**I was just wondering if there was anyone else out there who, like me, has decided *not* to kill oneself—essentially, to continue living—despite the persistence of suicidal thoughts/feelings/ideations/wishes.**

I will not kill myself.

But some days, I really don't want to be alive anymore.

Post 138: Suicidal people don’t want to die, they just want the pain to stop.
Content:
I hate this quote. I want to die. No one can tell me about my own feelings because I live through my own personal hell every single day. 
Edit. I’d meant that I hate this quote. I am not saying this to any of you all. I am not invalidating your experience or telling you you feel a certain way.

Post 139: Has anyone been suicidal for so long but don’t have the courage to end it so you end up isolating yourself from everyone so people forget you eventually?
Content:
I’ve cut off my friends for over a year now, but they weren’t really friends, just people I knew in all honesty. I never was able to develop a true friendship in high school due to my reoccurring depression and generalized anxiety. But now, I have no one and it’s mostly caused by my own actions due to deleting all social medias, avoiding social interaction at school and talking to no one. When you’ve given up on life a long time ago, you don’t care if you have friends, so I’ve been isolating myself until noone remembers me. Eventually, I will have the courage to kill myself and when I do, noone will remember if I was even here.

Post 140: Why does everyone get angry when you're suicidal?
Content:
It makes no sense. You feel so shit that you're definitely thinking about killing yourself and everyone just gets annoyed, like the ambulance operator who got an angry tone when I said that I might hang myself. Or the "psychiatrist" and "mental health nurse" who shouted at me and just told me to deal with it.

My dysphoria is enough to kill me - I don't need their nastiness too.

Post 141: School starts tomorrow :/
Content:
No no no no no no no no no no no

I've been feeling way less sucidal  and I've Been doing productive things like learning editing and I've been having fun.

School starts and i will be back to feeling suicidal again. School is literally hell. I've stopped cutting myself but school will make me do it again probably.

Please no :( i want to stay here at home.

In school i do nothing but sit myself in the school toilet wishing it will be over. The loneliness is so strong. St home i can fill my Time out and ignore it. In school i have to face it. I'm scared because I'm not ready.

This got way more attention than i expected. Thanks everyone.  I'm going to see how it goes...

And i can't have online lessons for multiple reasons because we have no lockdown and it would require a explanation to my parents

Post 142: Fuck
Content:
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me

Post 143: Life is a scam.
Content:
I'd very much prefer to have never existed. This whole life is a rat-race just to obtain the necessities just to survive. I don't see suicide as a tragedy, I see it as someone who is brave enough to escape the hell of existence.

Post 144: I hate how your brain teases you with random moments of motivation/hope/joy/etc. then plunges you back into feeling like subhuman trash for days or weeks on end
Content:
I feel like I have nothing worth living for, my music sucks ass, which is the only thing I care about. I'm very grateful my parents care about me but I feel like this isn't getting better no matter how much I've tried. My therapist appointment is so far away even though its only thursday. I've tried holding on, but for some reason it just gets worse.

edit: dumbass spelling error

Post 145: Passive suicidal thoughts are taking over my life.
Content:
I’m 21, just graduated from college, and I am so ready to stop existing. I think about suicide pretty much all day everyday. I don’t think I would ever act on it, but I think about it every second of the day. Every inconvenience that happens every day makes me think about wanting to die. I don’t have active plans but I think often about what it would be like to disappear or die. I want an escape so badly. Life feels so heavy. These thoughts are overtaking me, yet they are somehow my only escape. 

I’m not sure why I am posting this, but I just felt like I had to get it out. I haven’t shared this with anyone in my life because I am afraid my family will think I’m just being dramatic. I’ve struggled with depression for most of my life and I am on Zoloft, but I’ve never felt this bad. Any support would be greatly appreciated.

Post 146: My girlfriend killed herself
Content:
23 days ago she fucking did it and i fucking miss her.

Edit: this post got way too many upvotes and i wasn't expecting that

Post 147: I’m more afraid to live another 60 years than dying.
Content:
Does anyone else feel this way?

Post 148: I'm never going to the guidance counselor again
Content:
In a moment of weakness, I decided to talk to my guidance counselor about my issues. Instead of giving me advice to better myself in order to set my life back on track, she gaslights me. I told her that my dad has anger issues and is, in general, a shitty person to my family. This woman, this 26 year-old woman with a child of her own, looked me in the eye and told me "maybe it's because you're being a shitty child". Ma'am, that's no excuse to hit your kid and give them trauma. Then she tells me to pray to God and ask for strength. I'm sorry, *what?*  After everything I told you, that's all you had to say? 

I hope you quit your job, Miss Elaine, cause you're pretty shit at it.

Post 149: My wife of 15 years doesn’t think she ever loved me. I’m going to kill myself on our cruise next week. 
Content:
My wife of 15 years has recently discovered that she historically would mold herself to fit in with other people, including me. She isn’t sure if she ever loved me. We have two kids, one is high functioning autistic. She basically has said she isn’t sure if we are going to stay together. I’m also “not fun to be around” anymore. I’m not perfect, I have a bit of a temper sometimes, but I love my wife and kids. I already know what’s going to happen. She’s going to leave me, and take the kids, the house and our friends. I tried hanging myself last Thursday, but was too much of a pussy to do it, I broke down crying while the noose was tightening. We are going on a family cruise next week and I figure it’ll be a great last memory. I’m going to wait until the second to last day, then jump over board in the middle of the night. No body, no messy cleanup. I just disappear from their lives. I’ll solve the problem. Besides, I’m worth WAY more dead than alive. I’ve had a $750k life insurance policy for 13 years and I’m past the suicide clause period. My kids will be financially set. I’m not worried for them, their mother is an amazing mom, they won’t need me. 

EDIT: Thank you all for your wonderful comments and messages. I’m going to hold on and try to take one day at a time. Ignoring that depression-voice is hard. The one that whispers in my ear that “she doesn’t love you and your kids would be better off without you”, it is hard to ignore sometimes. 

Post 150: Online school is really making me consider suicide
Content:
Don't really know what else to say. The stress of all the assignments and deadlines and the repercussions failing will have on my life just make me want to end it before it can get any worse. Call me a coward all you want. I just cant live with this much stress. What really sucks is that I want this life to be over, but I have no means to do so.

Post 151: My sister committed suicide last night.
Content:
The pain is so heavy in my heart right now. This whole time I thought i was alone, when my sister was feeling the exact same way i am right now. She was only 27. She lives four hours away so we are going to her house now. It’s currently 4:11am in new zealand and all i want to do is cry. We have different dads and we don’t really look a like at all but she was always my number one supporter. She was always there for me and always babysat me when i was little. I have a scar on my pinky from the day she jammed my finger in the door lol. We have so many photos together. She always used to come over for christmas and for my birthdays. I can’t even type right now i’m in so much pain. I still can’t and don’t want to believe this. Someone I knew so well gone just like that.

Post 152: Nobody talks about the after attempt
Content:
I tried to kill myself. I overdosed heavily on a cocktail of pills and medicines. The advice i have? Don't. Nobody talks about the aftermath of when somebody saves your life. The people who know you are torn apart by grief even though you survived. And you get to see it. And you also get to see everybody talk to you as if on eggshells, treat you like you're a kicked puppy.  And the guilt is worse than that before. Because you caused that and they won't admit it to you. The guilt is soul destroying. And then there's you. Your stomach can't handle anything but water and plain bread. The sharp stabbing pains and rises of nausea that knock you off your feet. The shaking for no reason- entire body failing to function correctly at any given moment. Sleep? No. You will wake up routinely every hour or so. And that's if you can fall asleep after fighting your guilt over trying and the physical pain its caused on top of what made you try in the first place. Oh. And when you finally think your body has recovered? Its worse. You cant go out without being drained and you have literally liquid shit. Like youre peeing out of your ass. Water can even make you feel sick. 

Okay sure. You wanna die. But a lot don't succeed. And the failure is grim. I have liver damage, my stomach linings are non existent. I'm suffering more than before and i could never try again because of who i affected and the damage i've done.

Edit: it's been 3 weeks. I have to take medication for my stomach otherwise the pain is horrible and i am still just shitting and vomiting stomach acid

Post 153: Wife left me, job fired me in the same day...
Content:
My wife of 6 years left a note for me when i got home yesterday. Without going into too much detail, i balled like a baby for hours. havent heard from her in over 27hrs. last night my boss texted me and said its not going to work out. My wife left the dogs here, and its pretty much the only thing stopping me from killing myself.  i dont have friends, i dont have family, all i had was her and our dogs. Im a depressed and anxious loser failure who doesnt deserve a great woman like her. She cant be around my depressed ass anymore. I called the suicide hotline and was calmed down a bit but i honestly think im ready to just die when i know she can take care of the dogs

Post 154: I wish depression was a physical illness too
Content:
It has robbed me of everything that made life worth living. I am alone, I am destroyed, I am done. Yet depression isn't going to finish the job of snuffing out my life - no, that's something we have to do ourselves.

The worst thing is hoping for a death that will not come to me naturally. I could limp on for years and years and years in this half life, because depression isn't going to end it for me.

Ffs. If only I had the comfort of knowing that I don't have to suffer like this for long, that depression will soon kill me. I need it to be over, I need it to end, and I'm not sure I have the guts to do it myself.

Post 155: Some of us were just born to lose.
Content:
It's almost insane to what degree some people are winners, with amazingly fulfilling lives. And I'm not talking about money even. Some people just are *happy*, and they have those things that money can't buy: joy, peace, honesty, friendship, courage, authenticity, trust, love, beauty, physical strength, and good health.

And then there's the rest of us.

&nbsp;

It's actually not insane. It's absurd; a complete joke. I try not to take it too seriously, because if I do then I lose whatever bullshit reason I might have on any given day to get up in the morning.

Post 156: They'll let you be homeless but tell you suicide is "never the answer"..
Content:
Honestly, this is one of the most puzzling things about society. People tell you that "we don't live in a vaccum. everyone has people who care" along with other shamings of suicide calling you "cowardly".

But when you want to live...oh no. You're entitled to nothing. If you don't do well in school your parents kick you out and you end up homeless liviing on a cardboard box. 

But remember, don't kill yourself because "people care about you so much"

I understand having to work to participate in society but I find it so stupid that people can't see the incongruity. I can't honestly imagine telling a homeless person freezing in the cold "keep struggling because life is worth it". If they want to die, then let them die and vice versa.

Post 157: Reminder: NO ACTIVISM is allowed here at any time.
Content:
We know that September 10 was World Suicide Prevention Day.  And, we're all for activism.   But not here, please and thank you.  It takes focus away from our OPs in need of support and understanding.  

Post 158: I wish I fucking die in my sleep
Content:
I fucked up everything. I ruin everything I touch

Post 159: I'm fucked. Oh so fucked.
Content:
Using a throwaway account because my friends have access to my main account and I really do not want to burden them with my issues - they have their own shit to go through.

The thoughts of suicide have been overwhelming me recently. I either drink, sleep or self-harm just to simply get through the day. Every day I cut a little deeper or sleep a little longer or drink a little more, I hope it kills me.

Every day I wake up and I wish that I hadn't, I'm a fucking parasite to everyone who knows me. I'm failing in school and can't land a job - hell, you'd be fucking lucky if you saw me outside of my room, let alone my fucking house.

I lost almost all my friends, and those who still talk to me only communicate through text and calls. I'm a mean person too and I don't blame those who left me.

I can't talk to anyone about this shit, my family thinks I'm a lazy asshole and honestly, they're right. All of my problems were caused by myself, I would've lived a fantastic life if I didn't screw it up.

But I did screw it up.

I don't know if I'll kill myself, the thoughts in my head beg me to but every time I go to do it I'm too much of a fucking coward.

&#x200B;

Sorry if this was hard to understand, I'm very emotional right now and I feel like I'm about to burst. Thanks for reading either way though.

Post 160: I wish I was allowed to commit suicide.
Content:
I hate how suicide is so stigmatized by society, and how much guilt-tripping there is surrounding the issue. I am not "mentally ill" for being suicidal, rather my wish is a product of rational choice. I no longer believe that life is worth living and I am not interested in living it. Everything in the whole world dies in the end, and I would rather that end be sooner so as to avoid putting up with all the hardship in between. I can hardly bring myself to be interested in anything anymore, so to me the world is at best boring and at worst painful. I have little interest in "improving" either myself or the world, as both things turn to dust in the final analysis, along with any accomplishments I or anyone else might make. I just want this whole pointless existence to be over already, as I see literally no point in it continuing. I am aware that this might hurt people around me, but honestly their entire existence, let alone any pain they might feel, is as fleeting and pointless as my own. I just wish it was socially acceptable to see that suicide can be a rational decision and to act accordingly. Maybe then people would not feel so trapped in a worthless life, and would be able to commit suicide in a relatively safe and painless manner rather than using their own makeshift methods.

Post 161: Widowed by suicide on Christmas
Content:
UPDATE 2

Today is harder than, not easier. This pain is unbearable. There is one family who are friends with my family, but also my husband’s family. They didn’t comfort me at all on Christmas Day, but today I heard from two of them. They said my husband is so proud of me. He told them. He was proud of me for leaving him to become my own person. He told me, but to swallow his price and tell others means so much to me. 

Update 1

I just got his name tattooed on my ring finger. We always talked about doing it, but never did. 

TRIGGER 

I so badly want to die. I found my husband dead Christmas Day. He shot himself in the head. They dragged me off his body. I called his mom to let her know and his family came and accused me of killing him to my face. 

I didn’t shoot him, but he did it bc of me. I spent all day Christmas with his blood still on me. I don’t know what is worse, being dragged off of him or being accused of killing this man I loved so deeply. 

This pain and loneliness is breaking my heart and I wish I could just do the same, but we have children. I can’t leave them without a parent.

Post 162: I hate people saying "Don't kill yourself, some people will be sad about you"
Content:
Their happiness is not more important than mines, saying this is like saying "Your happiness (which is 0) is not important, you have to suffer and cry every day so some people won't be sad"

Post 163: "If you were REALLY suicidal, you wouldn't tell anyone about it. You'd just do it."
Content:
Those words were said to me hours after I attempted suicide and was recovering in the hospital, trying to get my kidneys to work. 
I called 911 on myself because I knew I wasn't gonna die anyway. At least, not for days and days after the overdose of the medication I chose. I was told by my guardian that I did it for attention. Totally not true, for the record. Instead of supporting me like I really needed it, most people turned their back on me or punished me in some way. I spent 2 weeks in a psychiatric hospital. That was my 8th inpatient hospitalization for the same reason.
I was really suicidal. I still kind of am, just not as strongly as I was then. I've tried to move on and not attempt again. I haven't told anyone I'm feeling this way again because I don't want them to think negatively of me again. I'm so tired of being alone.
Sorry if this makes no sense. Depressive episodes usually don't.

Post 164: Has anyone had a good day but still wanted to kill themselves?
Content:
I had a good day today and I felt really nice after venting and crying it out to an old family friend last night. It felt so exhilarating that I actually postponed my thought: “maybe I *will* live through this. Maybe I *can* change my mind” but something in me still felt like I only had a few weeks left. And I still felt like *i have to do this* I can’t stay. I still am looking forward to my death and am planning to continue on with my plans but I don’t know why I felt good today but not good enough to keep living. Has anyone else had the same thing happen?

Post 165: i hate myself so much.
Content:
why did i have to mess up so bad and almost ruin everything. all i can think about is how much of an absolute stupid fucking idiot i am.

Post 166: I’m 26. I live at home. I can’t handle the stress of a 40 hour work week. I’m your town’s loser who never made it out.
Content:
I don’t think I’m made for society. I haven’t been able to stay at one job very long, and at my last interview, the interviewer basically said I was stupid for changing jobs so much. I don’t know what I’m doing. I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to keep a full time job. I feel like I’m just weak and not made for this world. In school, we learned about how the less adapted animals don’t make it, and I feel like I’m one of those. Everything feels foggy right now. I think I’m the guy in the neighborhood that everyone talks about. I’m the one who did fine in school but it just didn’t pan out. I’m my sister’s alcoholic brother (I’ve been sober for a while, but still). I’m my parents’ son who never left the nest. I don’t know how long I can keep up this “everything is okay. I’ll tough it out” act for. If I just stopped existing today, I’d be fine with it. Best case, I move on to something new in an afterlife. Worst case, there’s nothingness so at least this pain would stop. I know I’d be missed, but I feel like they’d get over it. Eventually, I’d just be a distant memory. I don’t know how I’ll ever get to 30 or if I even want to.

Edit: I just wanted to say thank you to everyone who commented or even upvoted this. I’m definitely not alone, and while I don’t wish this feeling on anyone, it’s nice to know I’m in this with others. I didn’t do anything to hurt myself, and today I contacted some psychiatrists and looked for a therapist. I’m in a much better place mentally, and I am so grateful for all of you.

Post 167: I'm ugly
Content:
I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly I'm ugly

Post 168: Just because it got better for YOU doesn’t me it’ll get better for ME
Content:
You were saved. You were about to kill yourself but your friend swooped in and saved you. 

Every single damn time I’ve tried killing myself I’ve been alone. I don’t have someone who loves me enough to save me. 

Look at me now vs you when you were my age. You were thriving, and I’m still suffering. So shut the fuck up. No will save me. 

No one goes above and beyond to be my friend. You’re all only friends with me because I’m nice. That’s all everyone says. 

You know what’ll be really nice? When I shoot myself in the head.

Post 169: Holy shit I hate humanity
Content:
I want to die so bad. I am not interested in participating in the genetic lottery ruled by hormones & socializing know as "the human experience"

We are literally all shallow apes that are simply searching for the best fuck to get the best offspring, then half of us look for the best pushover to raise the best fucks kid. It truly doesn't go deeper than that. There are plenty of sidequests along the way sure, but the fundamental path we are set on by our biology is pretty much decided at birth.

Modern concepts of love and romance are just shit we made up to try and collectively gaslight society into keeping our animalistic side deeply buried, and the fucked up part is, it worked. It worked so goddamn well, that we actually believe we are better than animals. We just aren't lol. We ARE animals. A little smarter than our peers, sure, and we have a little less hair than our cousins, but we are fundamentally the same.

No one is honest with themselves or others. All you have to do is observe someone's behavior, listen to what they say, and you quickly realize that something is VERY FUCKED UP HERE. Why are people so unhappy? Why are suicide rates climbing? Why are people contradicting themselves from the day they're born to the day they die?

Because we are all a bunch of mindfucked, repressed monkeys that don't understand why we feel so miserable. It's really that simple.

Humanity is ugly. People are fundamentally stupid on average. They go through every hoop to always be right or save their ego or believe what they want to believe regardless of new information. They don't know how to think. They only know that they feel a certain way and nothing else matters. You selfish braindead fucks. They aren't concerned with truly understanding other people: they're more interested in putting themselves on a pedestal and damning any negative behavior from others and classifying them as irredeemable. They aren't interested in empathizing: they're interested in projecting their own emotions on someone elses experience, and they genuinely think they're a good person for it, declaring themselves "empaths" and participating in this disgusting masturbatory ego trip while patting themselves on the back for emotionally splooging all over themselves. Fucking yikes.

I hate all of you. I hope one day you see the world from where I see it now and you realize how utterly shit you are. Everyday I dream of not waking up. I always hope that one of our sociopathic overlords hits the big red button and resets technology. I don't want to be here. You are not good people and neither am I.

Post 170: I wish I died when I was a happy child
Content:
This way I would not  have to experience loss, depression, disappointment, desperation and endless suffering eventually resulting in suicide

Post 171: Fuck You Dad
Content:
My dad walked in my bedroom and saw me sleeping. Maybe, his response should be to be concerned that my depression is getting bad again, or that the hospital didn’t fix anything, but he literally grounded me. And told me that if I was less of a lazy piece of shit, I wouldn’t have depression, and that I deserve this. He is a jerk, and I will see him in Hell.

Post 172: My Mom showed off my suicide letter like it was a fashion statement
Content:
So basically i tried to do it a couple of months ago, had everything prepared, was ready to just end it all. Until all of a sudden i got way too scared and decided to call it off

My mom saw the letter that i was supposed to leave and went behind my back showed it off to her friends and some family members then talked to me about it,

I became  some sort of beacon of attention which i hated people telling me that "it'll get better" or saying if it was true Sometimes i kinda wished i wasnt such a pussy and ended it right then and there, couldve saved myself from embarrasment

Post 173: Anyone else going to miss the part of them that could have been so great?
Content:
The real part of yourself. The part that had dreams and ambitions. The part that dreamt of meeting someone you could fall in love with. The part that used to get comfort from things so simple such as showering, sleeping and eating your favourite foods. Maybe movies, tv shows or sports that made you feel alive and hopeful. The innocent part, now buried by the pain inflicted by your mind. This is not a post of optimism, more just typing what floats in my complex mind.

I think we all knew the potential we once had, and could not imagine things to flip so unfairly. Some recover, others don’t. Others endure the pain knowing they can never break free but accepting it. Some can’t end their lives due to the pain, others can more easily. 
I used to think I wouldn’t miss living if I died. 

But I don’t think that’s true. I would miss the part of me buried deep within. Not the part swarmed by all these mental illnesses, but the part of me that was inclusive, kind and dreamy. Realism is a terrible thing for people suffering, with no indication of improvement. And the way hope plays on your mind and pulls you back, can be a terrible thing too. Do not let hope control your life. Personally, no matter how comforting hope can be, it has a harmful agenda in the long run. What if the hoping never ends.

Post 174: I was raped twice last year and nobody will do anything or believe me
Content:
A cop did this and my stepdad. I have not been mentally well since. I have an extreme fear of men older than me now. I cannot mentally cope with this. My birthday is in a few days and I want to die

Post 175: “Grades don’t define you.” I have a hard time believing that.
Content:
“It’s just a number.” = If only that was true.

“You need to work harder.” = I gave up a meal a day, gym, video games, and going outside just to study.

“You chose this path.” = I did, now I want to leave it forever. And it’s too late to change majors.

“Why don’t you talk to the school counselor?” = Because they’re expecting me to pay $5 up front per visit, which is not only financially crippling but also morally reprehensible.

“Your friends and family will miss you.” = I have no friends, and my family told me to jump off the roof. And it’s not like I’ll be around for their mourning.

“College is the best four years of your life.” = In this pandemic?

Post 176: Fuck off with the "it gets better" bs. ive felt this way for 7 years.
Content:
Saying "it gets better" is worse than ignoring. It means you dont have the time to actually give a shit about somebody in a bad state and just go with "it gets better" because you dont know how bad that sounds to people like us

Post 177: I cannot believe how undeniably hard it is to kill yourself.
Content:
I've tried with guns and hanging multiple times throughout my life and I'm amazed how I can never go through with it. Even with every reason to do so, the fear and regret of the action is powerful. 

I guess I'm mostly afraid of living after the gunshot. Horrible agonizing pain. Still being alive. Possible vegetable status. And then my gun taken away from me which means I can never try again. It saddens me. 

I wish there was a legal, painless, peaceful way to go out that didn't require jumping over many hoops for many years to get to.

Post 178: I’m sick and tired of nobody giving a fuck about how you feel unless you’re cutting yourself or want to kill yourself.
Content:
Does anybody understand how incredibly selfish that is?? “Don’t do it there’s so much to live for” like what your sorry ass who doesn’t want me gone so that you’re not sad? Guess fucking what I don’t fucking care if you’re that selfish you deserve to be just as sad as I am. I’ve been suffering all my life and you don’t give a fuck but the SECOND I say I’m gonna kill myself NOW it matters. But if I shut up about wanting to die and just express about how hurt I am you have better things to do you don’t fucking care nobody fucking cares. “Don’t talk to me about suicide it makes me uncomfortable” oh so sorry need me to paint your nails too princess??

And like cutting doesn’t even give me any sort of nice relief it doesn’t do anything for me. Wanna know why I do it? To express how fucking bad I’m hurting because nobody gives a shit unless you cut yourself. People can be suffering WORSE and not cut themselves because it doesn’t do anything for them. Nobody fucking cares nobody fucking cares nobody fucking cares and I’m so sick and tired of it

Post 179: I opened up
Content:
I told my parent about my depression and the first thing first of my dads mouth was there are people far worse off than you. Thanks dad I didn't it was a contest.

Post 180: the suicide hotline is a joke
Content:
They couldn’t care less if I live or die. They’re just doing their job. They make me feel so stupid and regretful of sharing my experience. One of them said “…I have to go now”. Like okay I get it I don’t matter. You couldn’t make it anymore clear.


Edit: wow I can’t believe so many people feel the same way. I had no idea. Love you all :”)

Post 181: “You’re not alone” doesn’t help me and I don’t know why anybody thinks it will
Content:
I don’t understand why people say shit like this, along with lines like “other people have it worse” “things always get better” “you don’t have it so bad”

Like, how do people not understand that this shit makes me feel WORSE? I already know I don’t have it as bad as other people! That just makes me feel even shittier because I should be seizing the opportunities I have, but I don’t. Keeping myself from spiraling down even further is like a full time job, leaving me no time or motivation to do anything else. 

I don’t see how I can possibly move past this when I can’t even bring myself to have a basic daily self care routine. I feel like I’m working my ass off and moving literally nowhere. I’m 30 with no job, no money, no girlfriend (or friends in general), and no self esteem. 

I’m a fucking manchild who still has to be supported by his parents. I constantly see and feel the judgement of people when they start to piece together my life and realize I’m just a fucking loser. I was never as smart or capable as I thought, I was just really good at faking it. But now people can see that I’m really just a pathetic piece of shit and nobody wants to be around me anymore.

The one thing I had left was my looks and now that I’m going bald, that will fade away soon too. I’m so lucky to have parents who offer to help, but they’ve already spent so much on me that I just feel fucking pathetic making them do anything else for me. I can’t stand leaving the house now and I’ll put off simple tasks like getting groceries for weeks, rationing my food and sorta starving myself until it becomes unbearable and I work up the courage to go outside.

Everyone I get close to fucking leaves me and I’m sick of building up relationships just to be broken down over and over again. This shit is fucking dumb and I really don’t see the point in putting myself through all this suffering just to inevitably end up with a mediocre life. This wasn’t how shit was supposed to go down.

I just wish my parents weren’t around so I didn’t feel so bad about killing myself. They’ve already lost their only other kid, and I can’t put them through that pain again, especially when I have a choice. But I just don’t see how things will get better. I’ve been spending fucking years trying to improve myself and I feel like I’ve only gotten worse.

Post 182: Last year I was miserable and depressed but I turned that shit around this year;
Content:
Now im depressed and miserable.

Post 183: It was easier for me to buy this gun than get proper mental health support.
Content:
I've tried. I've really tried to do the therapy thing. Every therapist I've tried has either told me they aren't qualified to provide the support I need, or straight up said that the stuff that's happened to me can't possibly have happened so I must be lying or delusional. So I tried the stuff I'm supposed to try. I've gone broke trying. I feel like there's nothing left to try except shooting myself. It's so hard to keep going. I'm struggling so hard not to give up.

Post 184: I'm going to kill myself in about 10 minutes.
Content:
I have a long history with suicidal thoughts, the reach of this history dates back to when I was 8. Since that time I have never known happiness. And today I've reached a breaking point that. I haven't reached before. I got into an argument and left the house. I've skipped town and the police are searching for me. I let everyone know a few dozen minutes ago that I'm not coming home tonight. This all fucking sucks so bad. Leaving everything, I mean. I'm getting texts like crazy and I just have to keep ignoring them.

Post 185: don’t you guys just love the feeling of being asleep
Content:
no worries no nothing just peace i hope it stays like that forever for me tonight

Post 186: Life is money money money money money money
Content:
I'm tired of this pathetic world and ready to die

Post 187: I refuse to be an adult. i refuse all of this shit. I'm not just another number in the machine. How dare my parents impose life upon me? Who gave them the right?Fuck humanity. Fuck life, the universe was a mistake. I can't believe i was dragged into this shitshow.
Content:
This is it. This is adulthood. I can't fucking believe i was forced into this mess because two morons suffered from a lack of critical thinking. Why? Why? Why?  Why? Why? Why?  Why? Why? Why? I never suffered a day in the void. Nothing fucking bothered me but now i gotta go to work. Fuck off. Why dad? Why couldn't you just keep in your pants. A literal second spares me decades of suffering. But no, pulling out required empathy. Asshole.

This is it. This is adulthood. There is no magical man in the sky. There is no afterlife. There is no light at the end of the tunnel. There is no reward for my suffering. There is no magical rainbow. My soulmate doesn't exist. Nobody is coming to save me. Nobody gives a shit. There is no meaning. There is no purpose. The universe was a mistake.

It was all a mistake. The universe was a mistake. I would erase everything if i had the infinity gauntlet, i would. Without a doubt or hesitation. It would spare trillion upon trillion of sentinel beings. Ending everything would be an act of pure empathy. No amount of happiness can out way our suffering and inevitable death. How could any god create this place? is he dumb? Does he not care? Is he dead as well? Fuck him or her or it, whatever the fuck it is. How could it?

 I cannot see the bright side of life. There  is no bright side without ignorance. My ignorance is long gone. I challenged lifes values and looked into the void, and now i wish to have no part of life troubles. I wish i could erase myself. i want to be free from the shackles of life.

So much suffering for no reason.  Over a million suicides per year. Cancer. Heart disease. Stroke. Diabetes. The list goes on forever, and for what? Nothing. To end up in the dirt, slowly eaten by bacteria and maggots. What a cruel joke.

I wish i killed myself at 15. I truly do. Would have spared myself. I should have finished resident evil 4 for the last time, ate two chocolate donuts, jacked off and blew my brains out. I should have. Nothing was worth it. Like cioran said, you always kill yourself too late. He was right.

I don't want to grow up,i don't want to be a productive member of this life cult. I don't want to be a so-called adult. I refuse all of this. I want out. Let me die. I refuse all the responsibilities  that were FORCED upon me. I don't want a job. I don't want to pay taxes. I don't want any of this shit. Leave me alone or let me die. 

I hate it here. I hate humanity. We've created a world that breeds isolation and loneliness. I hate being alone. Nothing matters alone. I wish to be loved. I wish to be cared for, validated, nurtured,held,loved. I am a human with needs not a cog. I want to matter. I hate it here. I hate all of you. Love,love,love. I don't know anymore,i don't feel anything anymore. Why do i keep writing these posts? Why bother living. why why why why why why. Why won't anybody love me? Why? I just want to know. 

I've grown completely apathetic towards everything. Nothing seems to matter. I cannot grasp the feeling of joy. Do i even mean these words? Or am I just miserable? I don't know. I wish I had someone to talk to. I wish I could look someone in eyes and receive the warmth that i crave so much. I never mattered. Where do I go? What do I do? Who do I call? I have nothing. I crave nothing more than a deep emotional connection with someone but i despise majority of humanity. Now what? I don't know. I'm so tired. So tired.

This is it. it's only going to get worse. isn't it? I wish someone loved me. Maybe then  i wouldn't think this way.

Post 188: No one cares until you're about to kill yourself
Content:
It's funny how no one says anything until you're about to kill yourself. It doesn't matter how much you're suffering, you are a selfish bastard if you kill yourself, you should think of your friends and family and everyone who will miss you. Well, these people don't care if I'm suffering or not as long, as they don't have to notice or think about it. 

How long am I supposed to keep it all pent up inside? It's so fucking tiring.

Post 189: My entire life ive lived in my head
Content:
I dont fucking care how stupid i sound but the only thing that has kept me alive ever since i was fuckinv toddler was daydreaming. All i do 24/7 is pretend im not actually living in reality. I'm living in my head thats what it is. If i had never developed this thing i would have committed suicide as young as a toddler. It feels like ive never actually been alive. I know it sounds so stupid but i feel like a living corpse. Im not living im existing. In a literal sense im a just a waste of oxygen. II preetend im living in a completely different universe, thats not even comparable to this disgusting shithole, and as a completely different person. Appearance and personality. And thinking about how i could end my life at any moment is ironically whats kept me alive. Even as im typing this im daydreaming about venting to someone about this. Im imagining what i would say to someone who wanted or needed me alive. Im so fucking worthless i just wanna die as soon as possible i swear to god me living in and of itself is constant self harm. The worse kind. I just wanna die

Post 190: My sister wants me to kill myself and I agree with her
Content:
Not only does my sister make me want to kill myself but she’s been encouraging it too. She’s the cause of so much stress in my life and it’s obvious she’s the favorite in my family. She’s not overweight, she makes good grades, she has a social life, she has friends, she’s mentally and physically healthy, *she’s neurotypical*..... The list goes on. She’s everything my parents wanted me to be but condensed into one child. And she constantly belittles me for it, for not being what my parents wanted, for not being her. It’s been getting to a point where my parents might have to choose between having her and having me, and that’s not something I want to put on them, especially my mom. But I’ve been getting close to that breaking point for years now, and I don’t know when I’ll finally snap. I’ve been trying to stay alive at least until my favorite franchise ends, but staying alive gets harder and harder every single day. I’m tired of being pelted with rocks in the greenhouse at school. I’m tired of constantly noisy classes and teachers not doing anything about it. I’m tired of having to prove my worth to everyone, I’m tired of working towards a future that is only going to cause me more stress and pain. I’m tired of never being able to sleep. I’m tired of being constantly stressed.    
I just want quiet. I just want to sleep.

Post 191: Scroll, stare at wall, want to kill myself, cry, scroll, stare at wall, scroll, cry, want to kill myself, want to kill myself, cry, stare, scroll, kill, stare, scroll, cry, kill, cry cry cry cry
Content:
Keep getting stuck on couch in this pattern. I feel frozen. I know i should get up and go for a walk. Look for a job. Make food. But i just dont

Post 192: I would rather kill myself than go to work
Content:
Today I had my first suicidal thought in MONTHS, I realized I hate my job so much I’ll be willing to hurt myself physically to just avoid going…

I almost did it this time.

Post 193: My sister tried to kill herself two days ago.
Content:
So. 

So. Friday night, my sister took a whole bottle, 60 pills worth, of her antidepressants. Beforehand, she had called around and apologized to a few people about things that I'm not privy to. This set off alarm bells, and somebody called emergency responders to the scene. 

When they arrived, they found her with a note, and... well, she survived. They took her to the hospital, but now she is in a behavioral health clinic. A state away. And we can't go see her. 

I am at a loss. I. Don't even know if this is the right place to come with my story. Or even what I want by telling said story. I just. 

I almost lost my sister. I was *this* close and had no idea. None. I hate this feeling. And I can't even go to her. I don't know. I don't know where to go, or what to think. 

Mainly I'm just talking I guess. Then you for reading.


Edit:

Thank you guys so much. There's a lot to do today, and I'm not really going to get to respond to everyone. But I'm reading them all.

Post 194: quarantine would be heaven if i lived alone
Content:
my family just makes me hate myself even more

Post 195: I never realized how little people care about me until I started having mental health problems.
Content:
My experiences since developing severe depression and anxiety have been eye opening. Without going into the details, I honestly never knew how little people cared about me. A lot of people in my life that I’ve helped and listened to whenever they needed it have ended up just acting annoyed at me for opening up to them.

I think if I was more charming or attractive maybe people would be more understanding, idk. I also think people are just generally selfish as a coping mechanism for their own difficult lives. They don’t have room for anyone else’s issues. 

Anyone else experience this?

Edit— Guess this resonates with a lot of people. Pretty messed up how few of us seem to have a solid support system. 😔

Post 196: I hate people who say suicidal people are selfish.
Content:
This life is my own and mine alone. Do not tell me what to do with it. I am not going to keep living in pain and misery, just so the people around me don't feel sad. I'm sorry, it's possible that some people will be heavily affected by my death, but I don't care enough to keep going. 

Fuck you \[person\] for telling me that suicidal people are selfish and are sinners. Fuck you to hell and back.

Post 197: A letter to a friend who'll never read it.
Content:
I saw you today. 

Things were good, better than good. You were smiling that idiotic smile that I love. Wearing that old and faded track pants that I begged you to throw away but you never did. Then you saw me. Your face lit up. You came towards me, held my hands and said the silliest, stupidest joke that I ever heard. You know I don't like jokes but you still make me laugh. How do you do that??

We were together after such a long time. Me nagging you, you making me laugh, falling in love all over again. It was just like old times. 

I saw you today. But then I woke up.

I wanted to hold on to you, to be with you and never let you go again, to go back into the dream where you were. But I couldn't. The harder I tried the farther you felt. 

Realization hit; I'd never see you again, I'd never talk to you, nag you, hold you, be held by you, give you the cherry on top of my ice-creams because I still don't like them. 

I hate you.

I hate you. I hate you. I hate you.

I hate you because you never loved me enough. I hate you because you never trusted me enough. And I hate you because you were in pain and you never bothered to share it with me.

Everytime I needed you, you were there. You never complained about the time. You let me cry, shout, rage when I was in pain. You helped me so much. But you never told that you were in pain. Why?? Why didn't you??

Did you not think that I'd do everything to comfort you. I may not have been able to take away your pain, but I would've held your hand through it. 

I hate you. and I'll always hate you. Because I love you. and I'll always love you. 

No one can take your place. You were entirely special. All that sickening positivity and patience. Was it all a lie then? A mask? A cover-up for your feelings?

I'm sorry I failed you. I should've looked deeper. Should've been a better friend. May be if I didn't rely on you so much, you would've been comfortable to rely on me. Is that why you couldn't even say goodbye?

I hate you and I'll always will. And someday I'm going to die as well. It may be now or eighty years from now or anytime in between. I'm going to die and then I'm going to find you in the afterlife. And I'd hit you and kick you and scratch you and strangle you and God knows what else. But I'll never let you go then. I'll always, always be with you. 

Till then, I'll hold you in my heart and dreams and memories.

I'll always love you, you perv.

Post 198: I hate being a guy
Content:
No love no attention no nothing you just get raised to be a brick the only thing you get to hear is “be a man” “Real man don't cry” good job you did it at least I don't cry right.

Post 199: It’s time to be realistic.
Content:
Sometimes life just doesn’t get better. Not everybody gets a happy ending. Some people are cautionary tales. Some people are sacrifices. And some are expendable. It’s just a matter of do you want to spend 80 painful and meaningless years for the possibility of the life spark that history has shown you time and time again will never come? What’s the point of life if all the things you, as an individual, care about and find important is not available or accessible to you? What’s the point when you everything about who you are and what you do is wrong? I’m just starting to wake up, and stop living in this lala land that everyone is entitled to their happily ever after.

Post 200: Does anyone else just feel like disappearing socially? Nuking social media, cutting ties to your family & friends, etc?
Content:
I am so beyond tired of waking up day in and day out to these negative and intrusive feelings and thoughts being played on repeat in my head. It's to the point where I've been giving more and more thought to just "disappearing" from people's lives. Not even saying goodbye -- just disappearing. Obliterating every real connection that I have so I can slip further and further into solitude. Maybe I just want to make it easier for when I finally decide to off myself. I don't know. 

What I do know is that everything feels so... pointless. I can't stop feeling numb and empty. 

I just want to sever all my ties and connections so I can be alone. So I can self-destruct alone.

I can't even remember a time where I felt OK. I don't think I'll ever feel OK again. And it's not ok to feel this way. No one should ever, ever have to feel this way. Ever. 

But yet, some of us do. And it fucking sucks. I wish I could just absorb all the bad feelings everyone in the world has and just take them with me to the grave.

Post 201: “The reason your posting here is because you really want to live”
Content:
No nigga I literally want to kill myself but I’m too pussy and don’t want it to hurt

Post 202: I told my parents I’m going to kill myself and they just wished me the best
Content:
As I was walking out of the door my mum said she hopes that’ll now make me happy. 

Nobody tried to stop me or check if I would be okay.

I’ve told them I feel suicidal about 3 times before, and they’ve pretty much brushed it off like it’s just attention seeking.

Now idk about you but I think that’s pretty fcuked up. 

Of course your child is seeking attention they want to fcuking die because they cannot take life anymore. 

I’m just so sick of everything. I feel like I have no one I can turn to. 

My ex left me, I have no real friends and now my family have turned their back on me.

I just can’t take this anymore.

Post 203: “High school is the best 4 years of your life”
Content:
Whoever says that is so full of shit for me it makes me wanna fucking die.

Post 204: My friend has killed himself
Content:
There was a guy I met in this sub, a really good guy. I followed many of his posts, and didn't speak to him, till I saw his last post in which he described how he felt and announced how he is gonna take his own life.

 It's really disheartening how our own mind plays tricks with us to the point where we will lose all our hope, dreams and joy in life. How it puts us in a loop where everything seems dull and empty.

This guy was a legend. He tried his best, but still unable to find strenght to carry on. I believe this is the worst way to go. 

I wish I said something more, I wish i knew better. 
Now there is nothing anyone can do. He left thinking worst of himself, feeling worthless after many years of struggle. 

Please dont mind if its written poorly, I had to get this off my chest.

Thanks

Post 205: I’m passively suicidal in a way that suicide is always an option.
Content:
I remember reading something once, probably on Reddit, can’t find it anymore. Said something along the lines of this. 

Say my car breaks down.
I could sell it,
I could repair it,
Or I could just kill myself. 

It’s always there.
It’s always on the menu. 

I think about that a lot. It’s like a safety net, in that twisted way. Keeps me from mentally breaking down every single day, just occasionally.  Keeps me humble too,  because even at my happiest I know it’s always there. Like that shadow you can’t shake out of the corner of your eye. 

I can always just kill myself. 


I can always just kill myself…

Post 206: today i asked my mom why she never did anything to stop my oldest sister from sexually and physically abusing me when i was younger. she said "every person experiences something bad, no one has had a perfect life." (TW: sexual and physical abuse; child neglect)
Content:
edit: thank you so much guys, i am overwhelmed with love. i realized that there are people out there that care about me, i care about you too. in fact, strangers on the internet seem kinder than anyone i have ever met. if you are in an abusive household, please stay strong and try your best to defend yourself (i carry around pepper spray all the time in case something happens). please stay safe. i love you. i am deciding to stay here, i am not giving up now.

backstory: throughout the ages of 7-10 my sister was physically and sexually violent towards me. she used to cut me in my pubic area, till i was bleeding for days. shed hit me almost every day and she would tell me i am useless (etc...). whenever i told my mom about the things she did, she never tried helping me. throughout the years, i asked her why she never stopped it, she called me a liar at times, but also said she doesnt recall any of it happening

due to being stuck at home (lockdown), these memories came back up, and i realized that it was child abuse. i am 16 years old now. i have been seeing a therapist eversince i was 12 because i once 'tried' to commit suicide.

today my mother asked me if i am getting my sister anything for her birthday, i said no, and my mother asked me why im not going to do that. i told her that i do not support an abuser, and then i brought up the cutting that she did. and i asked her once again why she never did anything about it. she stayed silent this time, but said she was going to ask my sister about it because she doesnt remember it.

i am at my lowest, i am afraid that my sister is going to get violent towards me once again, if my mom asks her. my sister still lives with us.

Post 207: I wish there was a reset button for life
Content:
I really need one

Post 208: I'm so suicidal because of money
Content:
I just want to blow my brains out, beautiful world that revolves around money, down to my last 50$

Post 209: Why was I born ugly, stupid and boring?
Content:
People say “everyone’s good at something” but I’m not. I’m a friendless loser who’s bad at everything. No one’s ever liked me before probably because I’m ugly. Not to mention I have one of the blandest personalities too. 


If there is a god, they wanted me to suffer. You could’ve at least given me one thing, you know. I wish I was born pretty at least. Maybe then someone would’ve loved me.

Post 210: My husband died and I want to too
Content:
I’m only 26(F) years old, and we were newlyweds of just 20 days when he died. It’s been 2 months and 1 day. At first, I was staying alive to take care of all of his arrangements. We were 22 (him) and 25 when he died very suddenly out of nowhere. I turned 26 3 days before I had to bury him. I feel like I should have died too. I was just starting to process a bad childhood, I’m living with chronic illness, and not close to my family for good reasons. My dog Riley is the only reason that I’m even staying alive and getting out of bed right now. He’s only 3 years old...and is grieving too. Barely eating, not playing as much. And I’m in so, so much pain. My husband was everything to me - and we didn’t even get 3 weeks before he died.

I want to die too, to be with him.

Post 211: I am getting married in 2 months, I want to kill myself before it happens
Content:
A marriage I don't like 

A life I don't want

My parents who are dead

Relatives who act as didn't hear when I tell I am suicidal 


Lived whole life trying to please others , always self doubting , always careful to not cross line.

I don't want to live like a coward anymore. I want to be brave and take decision for myself now and the first thing I want to do is break this marriage , I can only achieve it by being dead


Edit : thank you all for your supporting words. Yesterday night I talked with my sister in law about this . How I am suffering and how suicidal I am. Sh was understanding and said kind words, told I should start sharing if I felt like that. I shared how i am not able to get along with him, and she said she understood and told me i should have shared sooner. I felt very relived. I slept peacefullyafter a long time. Today morning she is acting like nothing happened, talking about marriage plans like how we should check out community hall for pre wedding functions, rent a bus for grooms guests,  talking about post marriage things. Talking as if yesterday didn't happen

I'm going crazy, what did I do wrong ? Maybe I was right all along , only death can get me out of this madness


Post 212: Fuck everything and everyone
Content:
Fuck the world and everything in it

Post 213: Ive attempted suicide and my goodbye letter was shown to everyone
Content:
Hey.. so just like it says in the title, ive attempted suicide but failed obviously.
Well i was in a coma for a few days and i wrote a letter for my little sister to explain to her why i did what i did.
Little did i know, that letter would be read by everyone! And i mean everyone. I woke up and a therapist was beside me and the first thing she said was that she read my letter. I was so shocked and couldnt say anything for 3 seconds or more. Apparently she thought i didnt believed her so she just quoted the most disturbing and private part of it to me. My mother and all the people in the hospital read it too. 
I had to get into a clinic for one month and no surprise they all knew what i wrote in it.. i felt so shitty because these was personal stuff i didnt want to share with other people!!!

Post 214: I’d rather die than work for another 40 years.
Content:
31 years old… working full time since I was 18.   Struggled with depression for years.   I work a job I hate to pay bills… and I’ll never be able to do better for myself since I’m too stupid and lazy.   

I didn’t ask to be born .. so why should I be forced to work all my life?    Working Day after day plus mental health problems is torture.    I’d rather die young than be forced into this life of slavery.  

I’ll never be rich .. I’ll never have financial freedom.    Fuck this life

Post 215: The worst feeling in the world is when you don't want to be alive but you're too big of a pussy to do it because you feel obligated to stay for other people's well-being
Content:
I don't know why they'd even miss me. Even want me around. I destroy everything I touch, in a way. I'm not cut out for this "life" thing.

Post 216: I’ve become the person I always feared of being
Content:
Underachiever, socially inept, unlikeable, unwanted, unmotivated, directionless and unlikely to ever leave home/my hometown

Post 217: I fucking hate working. Everything is meaningless. I have no motivation and everyone keeps ignoring me.
Content:
My brain is so fucked up that I can’t derive joy out of most things. I try to be a good person but life constantly proves that nothing matters. It’s all so fucking stupid.

I hate working these goddamn meaningless jobs that only serve to ruin my day. New job already is off to a terrible start and I can’t imagine it’ll get better. 

I have constant irrational thoughts about many aspects of my life and it makes me want to puke. I will never know what it’s like to be “normal” and it eats me up inside. How does it feel to not worry about everything, even things that don’t make sense, but my brain convinces me are real?  

Nostalgia is not comforting. I remember parts of the past and only feel pain. 

I am fundamentally broken on many levels and I do not believe repair is possible. The only permanent fix is a bullet to the brain. 

Goodnight.

Edit: I am very grateful for the kind words many of you have shared. I am so sorry that many of you feel the same as I; it’s truly unfair that modern life is built this way. I am getting ready for my shift at work, and while I know it’s going to fucking suck, at least it pays. Not enough of course, but it’s something. 

Hope everyone reading this has an alright day. Drink some coffee or tea if that’s something you like. It makes things marginally better.

Post 218: Funny how the only thing that calms my suicidal thoughts is reminding myself that it’s always an option and can do it whenever I want.
Content:
Edit: It’s so sad to see so many of you are going through the same if not worse than me at the moment. I hate to think of anyone else feeling so low - I’m thinking of you all and I hope somehow it gets better for us all some day

Post 219: they say suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. but my problem isn't temporary, it's lasted my entire life.
Content:
it never gets better. i've been waiting for  a decade now, and things have only become significantly worse. the sadness will last forever.

Post 220: Do you feel like a useless NPC ?
Content:
Like a joke character , no one interacts with and always 
alone no one gives a fuck about him .

Post 221: People who fall asleep and never wake up again are truly blessed
Content:
Every morning I open my eyes and am so utterly disappointed.

Post 222: I tried to hang myself today. I need a reason to not try again tomorrow.
Content:
Woke up at noon. Stared at the ceiling, slept again, woke up again and stared at the ceiling for a while once more. Took a thick cloth belt from the closet, tied one end around the bookshelf, put the loop around my neck. 

First thing I noticed was the pressure. My face felt like it was pulsing and expanding, like I could feel myself turning red. Then a loud ringing in my ears drowning out everything else. Then choking and sputtering as I breathed in and couldn’t. Arms and legs spasmed, took a conscious effort to not reach for the belt. Twice I tried to die, but both times I couldn't help but struggle to ease the belt off my neck. Strangling myself made my being alive feel so much more immediate, which was nauseating compared to the dissociative sad stasis preceding my decision to die. Which is ironic because I had previously believed I'd want to be conscious when I die, but it would be so much easier to just slip away silently in my sleep or something. I now have petechial hemorrhage all over my face, and some on my neck. My throat perpetually feels like it has a lump in it. I have a persistent bad headache, nausea, I feel like I can't think more than one looping thought per minute, I can barely focus on any coherent train of thought nor input from the physical world. It has taken me hours to write this. Honestly, not a good time. 

This is not the first time I've tried to kill myself and frankly, I am seriously worried it won't be the last. Somehow I feel both like I want to end my life and also like I don't, and in those fleeting moments of unsuicidal lucidity (madness?) I try to find ways to save or at least prevent myself from what I might do. I've heard that stuff about people who survived jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge saying right after they jumped they realized all their problems were solvable and they shouldn't have jumped, but for me that wasn't really the case. After the second try didn't succeed I kinda just sat there for a while feeling nothing. It was oddly soothing, feeling totally blank when usually my mind and emotions spiral incessantly in a depressive pattern. I wasn't relieved to be alive, I felt no new resolve to live my life to the fullest or even at all, and most of all, the things that made me want to die are just as present and real as they were before I strung the belt around my neck. In fact, the biggest thing that made me decide to die feels itself immortal and unkillable:

Evil. The world is evil, pervasively and ubiquitously so. I have been on the receiving end of it in more ways and more times than I care to remember, and I know I've contributed to it through my own thoughts and actions. Yes there is beauty and love and joy in the world, and such things are real and important, but in my experience they are fickle and pale in comparison to the omnipotent, omnipresent capacity of human evil. They don't make life worthwhile to me, and it follows that I don't feel as though life is inherently worthwhile either. To find happiness is fortunate and fleeting, because evil is the backdrop, the default. You are guaranteed to find evil, and you never need to look far.

Since I was a child, I would cry for hours on end, heartbroken at the suffering and horror caused by the evil humans do to each other. Why do people suffer, and make others suffer? How can such a world, and a life in such a world be worthwhile? I am 25 now and in that regard, I haven't changed much at all. If anything, it's more unbearable now. I have searched my entire life for something to make it make sense. I've read novels and poetry, I've read and listened to various religious and spiritual teachings, I spent years studying philosophy, I've listened to and made music, I've seen and made art, I've talked to people who seem able to cope, desperately trying to find something to redeem this shithole of a world. And I'm still as empty handed as I was years ago, but it feels worse now because I'm surrounded by failed explanations and justifications and it feels like I've run out of new ones to consider. Being surrounded by the husks of failed answers to that eternal, painful question feels somehow more desolate than being in a void of none.

Frankly, I don't want to live in a world plagued by the sadistic, broken darkness of the human soul. It feels maudlin and perhaps naive to say that the bottomless evil of humanity is what made me decide to take my life, but it's the honest reason. And it's not going anywhere anytime soon. The final words of Nicolas Chamfort in his suicide note have always resonated with me: "And so I leave this world, where the heart must either break or turn to lead." 

Right now, I don't want to try and kill myself again. But I don't know what to do to make sure that doesn't happen. I don't know that I won't attempt it again tomorrow. It's highly unlikely that I'm going to have a transformative experience that reveals god and purpose that solves it all in the next few hours a la Cat Stevens or something. I feel that perhaps this is the kind of situation where one should check themselves into the hospital, but the thought of being isolated and constantly monitored for several days is straight up terrifying and sickening, on top of the worry of medical costs and not wanting to strain medical services further as they struggle in the current pandemic. I need an answer. I need something, anything that makes it less horrible. What makes life worth living, in spite of all the evil? How? How does anyone face this and manage to live, to find meaning in life, to wake up and feel like it's worth it? Why shouldn't I try to kill myself again, when evil springs eternal, when I contribute to it myself? Why should I try to go on living in an evil, broken, disappointing world?

Post 223: I slit my arm and my chest open
Content:
Just finished up at the hospital and my poor mother had to see it, had seen my arm bone and my chest covered in blood, I know it's a graphic topic and I'm sorry if it bothered you at all.

There was no pain other than a sting, but once I did it I got to the hospital asap, I haven't seen anything like it but once it happened I just wanted to cry, being alone is harsh and I respect anyone who goes through it.

Just want to say stay strong everyone, it's harsh in this world but I got hope for you.

Post 224: Can't believe I was the sperm that won the race.
Content:
Of all the things I could have been. A chef, a banker, someone smart, someone pretty.   
Someone loved.  
It was this.

Post 225: Suicide is not an choice, it's something that happens when you run out of resources to cope...
Content:
I don't want to kms, but I feel like I have no other option and I want the pain to stop, I can't take it anymore. Next time I'll be home alone, I will hang myself. After my previous attempt and considering how fucked up my mental health is, it's probably my destiny anyway...

Post 226: I hate to say it but thank you guys
Content:
I occasionally come to this thread considering to make a post regular ding how I feel often times. But everytime I do I end up reading other posts and it helps me realize I’m not alone, nor am I crazy. So many of you guys clearly go through the same shit I do every day. Just having that reassurance gives me some form of hope

Post 227: Found the website of the psych ward I've been to and this quote made me laugh
Content:
"We don't just treat the symptoms of the illnesses, we restore the soul"

Huh? I've been tied to the bed and punched in the face. I got sinusitis while being there, my pillow was covered in blood, they didn't care and I had to make a scene for them to take me to an otolaryngologist. I still have nightmares three years later. I'm suicidal again, but not keen on returning there. I'll have to find a more reliable method this time so I don't end up there again. Restore the soul my ass.

Post 228: I'm just alive because I'm too much of a coward to die.
Content:
I honestly doubt whether I even deserve to live. I'm a burden, a degenerate worthy of nothing but scorn. Why am I alive. I'm just too scared to die. too scared to just...end.  

Fuck I feel so tired.

Post 229: Early 30s, female, no friends, NO CONNECTIONS, no intellect, no attractive physical features, learning disabilities, mental illness, tons of debt, and no college degree--an impossible rut.
Content:
I understand if u want to scream at me to stop whining but I have nowhere else to turn, no way out of this rut. At this point it's slowly becoming a matter of when I kill myself and not if. Any helpful advice out of this rut, (since outright asking for suicide methods isn't allowed, although any suggestions for a painless suicide are much appreciated and welcomed) would be greatly appreciated. 


Currently, receiving  any mental health is near impossible because my health insurance doesn't cover any resources in (or remotely close) to my area, (and I can't afford the funds to travel out if I had to).


  Out of despiration,
I turned to God in my darkest times, who continued to promptly ignore me **and actively made things worse immediately afterward.**    Felt like I prayed to demon or something. So turning to God/faith is absolutely out of the question. I'm done tearfully pleading my case to the ceiling.
 

Living each day is like a chore. It's not living. It's nothing but soul-crushing days followed by sleepless nights. Self confidence? Never heard of her. If I had a clear path out, I'd do anything I could not to be me.


I know this is feverishly written, and probably makes little-to-no sense, but my mind and emotions are spiraling. 


Thanks for reading this pitiful mess.

&nbsp;

**EDIT**: WOW, thank you everyone for your responses, or for even reading my post. I did my best to comment/or at least like everybody's  response and I apologise for not responding to each one. But I am greatful. Thank you everyone.  I am going to continue with my plan  to  end my life, however, as it is the best/most feasible option to me.

Post 230: Please say 'life got better FOR ME' instead of generalising and assuming it'll get better for everyone
Content:
Some of us have been in this hell hole of a mental state for years. Holding onto 'it gets better' has done nothing for me.

Post 231: I'm a single father who's daughter just died.
Content:
There was a break-in at my house and they killed my daughter. She was my only reason for living. I don't know what to do. How do I go on?

Post 232: I find it kinda funny that “normal” people see suicide as unimaginable or something that you’d “never do”.
Content:
It hits me every once in a while that normal people don’t think about suicide as often as I do. I’m not even actively suicidal right now, but I consider it often enough for me to realize that I’m one of the outliers in society. So, over the years suicide has become more and more realistic, and has almost become a part of my daily life.

What gets me though is how that’s *totally* not the case for everyone else. If you mention suicide, people either freak out or just play it off as a joke as if the concept of “suicide” only exists in movies and books. And while it is sad, I actually find that kind of funny.

For example, I hate working. I fucking hate getting up early to sit at a desk doing shit I don’t want to do for 8 hours straight. But if I tell anyone about that feeling, guess how the conversation will go?

Me: man, I really don’t want a job. I wish I could just sit around doing nothing all day.

Them: well you need money, don’t you?

Me: yeah but I don’t want to get a job.

Them: tough, that’s the way the world works, you lazy fuck. You’ve gotta work if you wanna live.

Me: well technically I don’t *have* to, because i could just kill myself and not have to deal with it.

Them: seriously? You’d rather commit suicide than get a job? That’s pathetic.

Me: yep, I’m pathetic. Thanks for reminding me, that’s another reason why I should just kill myself.

Them: wait, you’re serious? Nooooo don’t kill yourself you’re loved and you have so much to live for!!!!

I just find it funny that people don’t consider how all of this bullshit could just stop immediately If I put a gun in my mouth. They’re like “if you don’t want to live by the world’s rules, you don’t get to live at all >:(“

But when I decide “yeah that sounds fair enough, guess I’ll just off myself then :)” their tune changes and they can’t fathom that anyone would choose to not live in this vicious cycle of suffering and guilt.

Of course I can’t say any of this shit in real life, because I don’t think this attitude helps in the slightest. It’s nice to think and rant about online, but if I started telling people how I really feel I’d get thrown back into the psych ward. Or worse, people I care about would get tired of my moping around and they’d cut me off, and then I’d *have* to go through with it.

Everything’s fucked, and the only *”real”* solution I can come up with is just opting out of life. And if I bring it up before actually going through with it, I can only expect to be mocked or bombarded with insincere attempts at “helping”.

Isn’t life fantastic? :D

Post 233: I want to be dead, but I don't want to die
Content:
Does that make sense? Like, I wish I was dead, but I don't want to go through the act of dying. I wish I could just snap my fingers and cease to exist immediately without any pain.

Post 234: I lost my girlfriend to suicide last week
Content:
I have never felt more alone. My girlfriend went into a downward spiral and thought she would bring peace to everyone in her life if she was gone. In thinking she was helping me, she has hurt me more than I have ever been hurt before. 

She thought she was alone, but her loss touched the lives of so many people. Even people she only met for brief moments have felt the weight of her being gone. I wish she had known how loved she was and how missed she would be 

I never want anyone to feel the way I do now, so I would never do it. but I wish I didn’t exist right now. Everything is so hard. I have just forgotten how to breathe, food has no taste, I can’t stop having nightmares. 

I am so lost and I do not know how to live normally after this

Post 235: I fucking love sleeping
Content:
ITS AMAZING

Post 236: It’s really sad knowing that everyone I’ve ever known in my entire life is doing way better than me
Content:
I’ve got nothing. I have no future. Telling you that I hate myself is a huge understatement. I’m really useless and it’s not one of those things where someone says they are useless and but they have some small talent to cling on to, I actually have nothing. The only thing I’m happy about is that the people around me most likely hasn’t had it as bad as me. And hey if they ever feel down they can always think of me and tell themselves “at least I’m not as bad off as him”. I know I haven’t really said much about my situation and how it turned out this way but I feel like I’ll just burst out crying writing up an essay about my array issues. Welp back to moping in my room

Post 237: Anyone ever lie in bed at night and think to yourself, “I could end it all right now with this (knife, gun, pills, etc)?”
Content:
I’ve come quite close to trying it, but I don’t have the courage to do so.

Post 238: Wish someone would thank me for staying alive
Content:
Made the mistake 2 years ago of showing a close boyfriend all my suicidal moments.
Turned very toxic, obviously, and now I learned to keep my mouth shut.

Current boyfriend sees my fresh cuts, doesn’t say much but look sad.

Would never kill myself for my mom’s sake. But 3 times a week for four years I have been at the lowest lows, and I hide it so well every other moment, and I am exhausted.

I’m alive so my death doesn’t hurt anyone around me. I hide it so it doesn’t hurt anyone around me. There is no reward for not killing yourself every day. no thank you for spiraling by myself, cutting by myself, getting drunk by myself so no one sees. 

I am successful, pretty, young, happy, and loved. And the pain continues. I don’t think anyone will believe how crushing it is.

--EDIT:

Guys, I am so moved by your comments. I posted and expected silence, but your support feels like a wave pushing me forward.

Something beautiful someone shared: "Those who suffer are never alone because those who have suffered have their back unconditionally." I see you all. Thank you for seeing me.

Post 239: "it gets better" is just bullshit that people say to make you feel better when they don't know what to say.
Content:
It doesn't get better. When it gets better, it gets even worse afterwards. Nothing good lasts forever. The bad wouldn't be bad without the good and vice versa. But the bad is just so, so fucking bad. I'm driven one step closer to suicide each time it gets bad, and my expectations on how bad it can get are subverted every time.

Post 240: I attempted suicide by jumping off my apartment’s building and I am absolutely traumatised 
Content:
Here’s what happened:
On the 13th of June, I decided to end it by jumping. It was only from the second floor so the fall was around 5 meters high. I still have no idea why I didn’t chose a higher spot lol. I was blackout drunk and high on several drugs anyway.
My psychiatrist called me that day, and my nurse visited me, but I didn’t tell anyone about my plans, I pretended everything was fine.
Before that, I had been screaming for help. It’s the most dangerous thing, I think. When someone who’s begging for help suddenly ceases to speak.
I do not remember hitting the floor. I just remember my screams and my blood. I woke up 6 hours later in a hospital bed, 80km away from my town, covered in blood and in a state of excruciating pain. They gave me morphine.
I got surgery the day after that. My jaw and chin were broken, some of my teeth were shattered, some were simply missing. I also had a chunk of flesh missing under my mouth, and my nose was broken. I had bruises everywhere. But I was still extremely lucky.
Now I’m in a psych ward. I got diagnosed with bipolar disorder, ADHD and some other things.
I’ve been struggling these past few weeks however : I’ve been experiencing nightmares, in which I fall, endlessly. A lot of blood as well. I can’t stop thinking about it, I feel haunted by these fake memories (because I barely remember anything..), I feel  disconnected and isolated from other people. Because this method of suicide is quite rare, I feel really lonely because most people don’t seem to understand. And most of all I feel really depressed. I wonder what was going on in my mind as I saw the floor about to swallow me…
I really don’t know what to do 😞

Post 241: Fluctuating between suicidal and overly optimistic
Content:
Does anyone else go back and forth between feeling hopeless and wanting to end it all to feeling really hopeful and optimistic all of the sudden? I've been going through like 4-5 cycles of this per day for the last week and it's honestly hell. I've been doing some med changes so that might be it but idk. It's gotten to the point where I've actually been planning how I might kill myself :/. I wish I could just make a decision either way. Be fully committed to living or just end it already. Instead I live in the limbo of switching between really wanting to stay alive or wanting to die but not committing to either.

Post 242: I hate living in this world. Everything is about money and I’m sick of it.
Content:
I don’t want to sound ungrateful or like I’m complaining. But I’m really fed up with living in this world everything is so expensive I’m so miserable. I feel like for the rest of my life I’ll be slaving for some green paper till I’m dead and gone. I’m tired of paying bills and I’m tired of living here. People keep saying that this is a free country and you can achieve anything that you want to. But how can you when everything is so hard. Nothing is free here everything has a price tag. Everything is not easy they make life a living hell. I feel so trapped I’m tired of it I want out. The crazy thing is we cannot take none of this with us so why is it so much pressure and stress on us to make money. I understand this is the way the world was formed but it’s honestly draining.

Post 243: Likely won't commit suicide, but if someone pointed a gun at my head, I'd probably let them pull the trigger.
Content:
Does anyone else feel this way? I've been depressed for so many years, and I've been suicidal all this time. I've yet to attempt suicide, although I've come very close.

I doubt I'll commit suicide any time soon, partially due to the small spurts of dim hope I feel once in a blue moon. The bigger reason though, is because my sole living direct-family member is having a rough patch, and I fear they'd kill themselves too.

Nevertheless, if someone threatened to shoot me with a gun or I was caught up in a situation that endangered my life, I probably wouldn't mind too much. It would be even better if I could sacrifice my life for someone else—maybe then my life wouldn't have been in vain. I recognize the hypocrisy in that statement; after all, if I were willing to sacrifice my life for someone else, then why not sacrifice myself and live for the sake of my family member's life? I suppose that makes me selfish...

And yet, I can't help but feel drawn to such a death. Dying at the hands of someone else would give me a chance to die without the guilt of willfully abandoning my only family...

Post 244: I got the knife in my hand. Gonna try and cut myself till i die. Goodbye everyone here , thanks y'all for being nicer to me than my own dad. Bye <3
Content:
Farewell, internet strangers. If there is hell or heaven or whatever fairy tail thingy, hope to meet you there.

Thanks y'all for bieng good human beings 💙💚💛❤️🧡

Edit: didn't do it. Probably will with in this week till next one. I cut and reach dermis. I have a 2 mm gap were i cut. I can't bleed no matter what. My body is to strong. It tries to protect a cut so fast.....

I bled little. I wish I did more. Guess maybe next time....

Edit 2: im still here.i feel dirty for not doing it.

Post 245: I wish I can give my life to someone who actually wants it.
Content:
I didn't ask to be here.

Post 246: I don't want to kill myself, I just want to die.
Content:
The thoughts of killing myself aren't what plague me. It's the fact that I simply do not want to exist anymore. I care too much about my family and friends to kill myself at this point and I just feel absolutely stuck here in a place and would I do not care about anymore. It pains me to think about my family after my death. I feel so fucking stuck and I am just at the end of giving and fucks about anything anymore. I can't get out of bed except to go to work, which is a nice distraction to an extent and but only does so much.

I really don't want to kill myself, I just want my existence to end. I'm so fucking tired.

Post 247: It hursts seeing your friends have fun when your at home thinking about whether or not you should live.
Content:
No one knows that I’m going though this so I can’t really blame her for ignoring me. When I do bring up my feelings and how she hurt me, it always turns into an argument. “Oh so you’re saying I’m just a bad friend?” And then when I don’t tell her it’s “you never tell me anything.” I’m so tired of having to tell her what to do or how to make things up to me. We’ve been friends for 6 years, I wish she just knew to apologize without being contradicting and defensive. When she tells me that she’s hurt I beg her to tell me why. I make sure to sit down with her and get to the bottom of things until she feels better. 
Anyway, all of that is just useless drama and doesn’t have a lot to do with me thinking of killing myself, but it sure doesn’t make it easier to live. Basically it sucks that I hate myself and my friends seem to hate me too.

Edit: the amount of upvotes on this post is really concerning, I truly hope you all find happiness :/

Post 248: Just please read it would mean a lot to me. I’m so alone.
Content:
2016
It’s close to midnight. It’s dark and cold. My door is closed. As I lay about to fall asleep I hear something. I’m half awake half asleep so I don’t really acknowledge it. I turn on my right side and try to fall asleep again. But then I hear something. I open my eyes too scared to turn back over to see what it is. It sounded like someone was crawling beside my bed. Here I lay, trying to figure out what it is. Then I hear a very loud “hey!” Yelled right in my ear. I instantly sit up and look around my room but of course I see nothing. I must just be paranoid. 
~••••••~
2005
It was a few months after my mom married him. I never really liked him. When he did what he did, I was too young to understand what it meant. He’d put me on his lap, grab my sides and butt when my mother was working. He called me his “favorite”. It was just touching then. How I wish it never had to be more. 
~••••••~
2007
We had just got back from a family party the first time it happened. It was really late at night and my mother went to sleep as soon as we got home I remember being half awake as she told him to carry me to bed as I was already sleeping from the car ride home. Their room was upstairs mine was in the basement. As he put me to bed he started touching me. By then I was awake. He was on top of me and told me to be quiet as he held his hand over my mouth. I remember crying and looking out my bedroom window counting in my head thinking of when it was going to be over. I was in so much pain. When he was done, he told me again how I was his favorite. I couldn’t do anything but cry. The next morning my mom was already gone at work and there I was, stuck in a house with a monster. 
~••••••~
2013
It was going on for a few years now. Yes, I did want and try to tell my mom about it, but I was so scared she wouldn’t love me anymore and would blame me for it happening so I never did, because he said if I told, she wouldn’t want me anymore. In school my grades dropped, my attendance dropped, and I’d never pay attention. I felt so alone and so scared. Yes, I did self harm as I felt that the pain of that would not hurt as much as the pain from him. I did run away, and when my councilor found out, I talked to her, I told her an excuse saying I didn’t wanna go home because I hated when he yelled, I couldn’t tell her the real reason was because of what he did to me almost every night. I couldn’t tell her as much as I wanted to. I felt so isolated. She called him and he had picked me up from school, when we got home he immediately did what he did to me almost every night and said I deserved it for being bad. My mom was always out working as she worked two jobs and would really only be home 7am-12pm. 
~•••••~
2015 
A few years later and it was still happening. I was sick every morning and when I told my friends about it they joked around saying I was pregnant. I laughed along but in my head I thought, “could I really be?”. I remember stealing a pregnancy test from a pharmacy and took it as soon as I got home. It was positive. I felt sick, then and there I wanted to throw up, no not from being pregnant but from being pregnant from him, my step father. I just wanted to die. I remember a few days going by as my mom cleaned my room she found the test. She yelled at me for not being careful and was yelling at me for becoming pregnant at such a young age. Little did she know, the father was the man she married, the man that has been sexually abusing me for years, my step father. I miscarried at 10 weeks, as bad as it may sound, I was glad I did. 
~••••••~
2016
My mom had finally divorced the piece of shit after she found out he was cheating and I had so much relief after that. I thought finally no more pain. Later that year, I was constantly getting in trouble, doing drugs, trying to be cool hanging with the “bad kids”. I was expelled mid freshman year. I started going to an alternative school for kids who got expelled from high schools. There I met a friend I’ve known since kindergarten. We started hanging out everyday after school. I thought to myself that wow someone is actually being nice to me. There was this Friday where I was hanging out with a different friend when I ran into him and his friends. We decided to all hang out and we went in an ally way to drink and he had given me some pills saying it would get me “high”. Being the uncaring trying to fit in cool kid I took them and drank. My friend I was with had left with some dude that he was hanging with. So it was just me him and his other friend. We decided to go chill in a stairwell. I was so gone off whatever I had taken and from all the drinking I did. I remember him asking to have sex and I said no. I passed out and next thing I knew he was on top of me as his friend watched. I quickly pushed him off put my pants back on and as I ran down the stairway crying I seen him and his friend high five. I called my sister for a ride home but didn’t tell her what happen. When I got home I started crying to my mom but all she did was yell at me for coming home late and didn’t even ask me why I was crying. I went in my room wondering how could he do that to me? Someone I knew since elementary school. How could this happen. As I laid in bed, I thought to myself that I was nothing. I was already being sexually abused from my step dad for years and now it happens again at age 16 from someone I called a friend. By then, all I wanted to do was die. I thought after that monster was out of my life I’d be a little okay, yet it happened again from someone I knew and considered a friend. 
~••••••~
2018
I am 18 and I try to drink every weekend I can with older friends. Because I didn’t want to be sober on weekends when I was by myself I didn’t want to be alone with my thoughts. Because on weekdays I’d be occupied by work. So weekends I’d just drink every chance I could. It was not good. Everywhere I went to drink, there was always one dude touching me and pushing his self on me. I thought to myself wow I really can’t get away from this stuff. All my life I’ve endured so much pain from people I thought were supposed to protect me. Sure I drank and maybe you think it’s my fault for putting myself in such a situation like this. I couldn’t get away from it. I thought to myself the best way out of this hell of a loop is taking myself out. I’ve attempted suicide 3 times the past year. Soon it will be my time to go, because all I feel is pain and loneliness. I’m so scarred and paranoid from the things my step father did that every night I have to sleep with ear plugs in and a blanket over my face because I’m scared that he will be standing next to me even though I know he’s gone. 


Not the place to post, but at the time, I just needed it out of my mind. And yes, cops were eventually involved for everyone asking. 

Post 249: I'm 14. I did something horrible. I think I should die.
Content:
for some reason online I'd always lie about my age even when I had no reason to.  I met my first online friend when I was like 9. She was 10, I lied and said I was 11. I don't know why.

Later I got more obsessed with chatting online. I'd always lie about being older than I really was. I, yet again, had no idea why. I guess I was just a stupid 10 year old. You might be thinking this isn't really that bad, but then I started doing disgusting things.

At 12, I started flirting with older men online, making sexual jokes and roleplay with them. I was so stupid and I feel so disgusting. They thought I was an adult, at this point I probably was so dumb and thoughtless that I believed I was an adult too. I guess I never thought of it as being a serious relationship, at least one of them probably did. I should never have done those things. This carried on until at some point when I was 13 I realized how messed up it was and tried my best to stop.

But I've already done those things. I hate myself so much. What if they get into serious trouble because of me? Their lives could be ruined. I feel sick with myself. I don't want to be "self-compassionate" because who the hell would feel compassion for someone who'd done something like that?

EDIT: thank you guys. You all helped me feel a bit better. thank you

Post 250: I want to deepthroat a shotgun...
Content:
That is all

Post 251: No one gives a shit until you admit you want to die
Content:
Nobody gives a fuck how much pain you're in or how much you're suffering until you admit that you want to die. If you didn't give a fuck before don't pretend to now. Instead of locking me up like some kind of rabid animal just give me some sodium pentobarbital so I can fucking die.

Post 252: Killing yourself is surprisingly difficult.
Content:
I don't know if I have passed my crisis point (which wasn't really a crisis imo) but killing myself right now seems like too much work. You will be surprised how much preparation and research you need to do to make sure you get it right i.e. minimizing pain. Hanging without finding the correct arteries is painful as fuck and just makes you slowly choke to death. Finding a place with a proper ligature where you will not be found and rescued is even harder. Shooting myself in the head needs impulse but the bullets are separated from the gun and I can't find them. I really wanted to die so I had to be SURE that I don't end up in a psych ward and be in constant surveillance until I die from natural causes. 


Something just clicked that all this work in trying to kill myself has lead me to this moment... imagine if I just put energy in getting out of my depressive funk? That or my new dose of prozac is kicking in.

Stay safe y'all.

Post 253: How do some of you guys still study or do stuff???
Content:
I don't understand, really. You guys are amazing. I can't get through my empty yet noisy thick skull. My head is filled with suicidal thoughts, I can't even fucking concentrate a minute to do my long overdue assignment. I hate this.

Post 254: Why does everyone think therapy is some miracle cure???
Content:
CBT is literally a psychologist or psychiatrist or therapist or fucking whatever telling you things you already damn know and don’t have the motivation or energy to execute. “Think positive”, “focus on breathing”, “exercise”, “find time to do things you enjoy”. I could pull this shit out of my ass. I fucking hate it when people tell me to “get help”. There is no fucking help. Only I can help myself, and I can’t.


Edit: The comments saying you only get what you put in, I’m done, I have nothing to put in. That’s KINDA what depression does

Post 255: Every time I consider suicide, something keeps me holding on.
Content:
There hasn’t been a single day these past few years where I haven’t thought of offing myself. No matter how attractive I became, how many good people in my life I’ve had, all the lovely experiences and memories that brighten my day, I’ve always hated myself and my past. I was a Poor Hispanic who never appreciated his family enough. I never realized how much hell my mom went through to keep me happy. I tend to forget how wonderful my sister is.
In 2020, I got blessed with so many beautiful blessings every moment I wanted to just blow my brains out or jump off the bridge downtown. 
I was introduced to a new friend group just before the pandemic.  We hit it off to the point where I’m now a permanent member. Im still lonely, but i have a way to fight it now.
I’ve always felt like an aggressive asshole who never deserved love, but I rekindled a friendship with someone I’m was once deeply in love with, and although I know  it won’t be mutual, they’ve made it clear how wonderful I am to them. 
Recently, when I was debating dropping out of school and attempting suicide, a close person in my family took their life and seeing how it broke my mom, I decided to keep fighting.
And now, as I sit, depressed and tired in my room, I stumbled upon a letter from my younger sister on how much of a wonderful brother I was and how I need to let go of my demons, and it’s pushing me to go further.
Im not telling anyone that it gets better, or going against the rules on here, I just know that some divine being is telling me to hold on, to grab tight and never let go, never let my light burn out.

Post 256: The thought of killing myself gives me comfort
Content:
Knowing that I won’t be here for much longer. That it’s a matter of if not when I commit suicide. The fact that when it’s done I won’t be in pain anymore. Knowing that there’s nothing on the other side to worry about, no negativity, no pain, nothing. All of it comforts me. I can’t wait to die. I think about killing myself everyday. Hopefully it won’t be that much longer.

Post 257: I wish someone loved me
Content:
What am I doing wrong?

Is it too much to ask for?

Post 258: Question: how do non suicidal people cope with everything
Content:
It absolutely boggles my mind that people WANT to live, there are people that enjoy and want to go to school!? There are people who want to get a job!? There are people who are fine with waking up 5 days a week to slave away!?

Post 259: When I die fuck it i wanna go to hell
Content:
Oh wait i'm already here

Post 260: I hate that I can’t kill myself
Content:
I just want to disappear. I don’t want to die, I want to stop existing. Dying involves violently ending your life. And leaping into the void of death, not knowing what exactly will happen. I just want to stop existing and to be forgotten.

I’m stuck and I hate it so much.

Post 261: I fucked up and let my depression take my highschool years away, both socially and academically. Now I have zero friends and am lagging behind about 5 years.
Content:
**Thank you**: I have read every single response to this thread and am thankful as can be. I will save them so I can reread later when the doubts come back. But know that youve all made a difference in my life.

Original:

Fuck me I'm such a retard. Not only can I not do anything useful for society, I can't even do anything useful for myself. I have logged 7000 hours of fucking video games, which were my only escape from a shitty homelife. I have nothing to show for it.

I'm too much of a fucking coward to hang myself, but I just keep thinking about it.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Post 262: I knew I was going to kill myself even when I was a kid.
Content:
I knew I wasn't going to make it very far even from the start. I can't see myself being anywhere past 20. I just have this gut feeling that I'm not going to get far in life. I never worried about school or jobs. When I was a kid I never thought about growing old and having a family. I still don't. It's something that I feel like I've always excepted for what is. I wasn't made to be a functional human being. I will never have a family or someone to love. My life's already over even if I'm not dead yet. But soon I will be.

Post 263: Why do people who DONT want to die die?
Content:
Like why the fuck is the universe giving cancer to some father of 4 who has an amazing life and wants to live, while I’ve tried to kill myself 17 times in the past week

give ME cancer you fucking prick, take it from someone else and give it to me i actually want  fucks sake

EDIT: 18 hanging myself rn. hope i die. losing consciounes. love u

EDIT2: sadly i survived.

EDIT3: the belt is looking kinda good again

Post 264: I wish I could fast forward 10 years just to see if it's worth it.
Content:
I'm not going to be here much longer..

Post 265: Do y’all’s ever want to kill yourself over a minor inconvenience and that makes you want to kill yourself even more cause other people have it way worse?
Content:
Like, I’m reading posts on this sub where people’s siblings/loved ones have killed themselves and they want to follow, that one guy was a pedophile, people are extremely lonely/ugly/poor/abused, and it’s just an overall Shit show.

I dropped like 5 dishes at work today and that was enough to almost make me go over the edge. There are literally slaves that have known nothing but agony their entire lives in this world and I’m just your average clumsy 18 year old who, in the grand scheme of things, has nothing to be worried about. Fuck.

Post 266: Even in my happiest moments I'd still rather be dead
Content:
Even in my most euphoric moments where everything is going "perfect" and I feel at peace, I'm still always thinking to myself "I hope I die in my sleep later tonight" or just fantasizing about some mass extinction event so that I don't have to keep living on. When I'm experiencing something amazing or "happy", I'll be thinking wow this is great... but living still won't ever be worth it. It seems impossible to ever be content

Post 267: I want to kill myself to show my friends I'm not just being an attention whore
Content:
I destroyed my relationships by telling them about my self harm and wanting to kms, they called me an attention seeking little bitch. I want so badly for them to know I'm not

Post 268: I get suicidal when i see people doing better than me
Content:
I don't get motivated, all i do is keep falling and the abyss

Post 269: Hey yo, FUCK YOU to whoever tied up their dog inside my chicken coop
Content:
I’m so fucking done. I woke up this morning to my dog barking so I looked outside. I didn’t see anything . It was like 8 am and I was still tired so I just went back to bed. Fast forward to about an hour later, my dog hasn’t stopped barking so I’m a bit nervous. It’s about time for his walk so I put him on a leash and head to the back door. Low and behold, THERE IS A FUCKING DOG IN THE CHICKEN COOP. 

If you look at my post history, you know that I fucking loved these chickens, I raised them with the help of my sister and they were our babies. We originally said we were gonna eat them when we got them but the more we hung out with them, the more we realized how smart and kind chickens are. As stupid as it was, they were part of the family. We named them, celebrated their first eggs. Cuddled them, spoiled them. Like I said, they were family. 

Now imagine the absolute horror I felt when I saw some big ass dog eating my babies while they bleed out screaming, knowing I could’ve saved them if I wasn’t a lazy piece of shit. I ran out there as fast as I could screaming in terror. At first I thought it was just a case of a stray dog because there was a hole in the side of the cage but then I started investigating. 

The dog had a knot around his leash connected to one of the perches that were stapled to the ground. 

The lock on the bottom of the door was open but the top was closed. My sister and I always close the top and the bottom. 

After we got the dog out, we found five alive chickens and put them in a dog cage but he had no interest in them.

The hole in the side of the coop was jetting outward, meaning something tried to escape

I think that what happened was that someone waited for my mom to leave to go to the park 7:40 am, grabbed the dog, put it inside the cage, unhooked it to tie the leash to the perch, the dog tried to get out which in turn led to him biting the hole in the chicken wire, and halfway through the dog’s escape the intruder pulled it back in, causing the bloody pieces of dog fur on the rim of the hole, the the intruder made his escape through the door but since the door was jammed he only locked the top lock.
[My poor babies](https://imgur.com/gallery/sWMUy0l)

It’s probably the same person who broke into our cars about two days ago. I don’t understand why I’m being targeted. I called the police but they of course didn’t listen and just took the dog to paws. Someone needs to be in jail for this. I know that if this happened any other year the police would’ve put more effort but they’re probably just trying to make a statement that blue lives matter just cause I’m black. 

Also my parents and I have been arguing like crazy. I came out as trans (ftm) to them maybe like 2 months ago and it’s been downhill from there. My mom was supportive at first and then I told my dad and she suddenly switched to his side?? Now she keeps being passive aggressive about it by constantly saying stuff like “Some girls have guy features but you don’t. You need to embrace how PRETTY you are. YOURE such a PRETTY GIRL.” My dad finally let me cut my hair but he constantly bashes on trans people saying stuff like “Trans people don’t deserve rights because they’re mentally ill” despite me being not only trans but also schizophrenic. And he also threatens to take away my internet every time I respect anyone’s pronouns. They’ve also been arguing between each other a lot more. Nothing physical but they get really loud and it freaks me out because I have really bad noise sensitivity.

I want to get out of here so bad. Not like my home but this entire existence. I could rant on and on about how much I would enjoy an eternal slumber but I’ve already been typing for like 2.5 hours so I should stop here

TL;DR Someone killed my pet chickens, broke into my car and my parents hate trans people despite me being openly out to them

Post 270: My goodbye letter <3
Content:
Hello :) 
I am 24F, from a small country in Europe. I am writing this as I have no one to actually say goodbye to - maybe, just maybe someone will notice this so i can get a farewell. And if anyone is interested, I will talk a bit about myself, because all I wanted was for someone to care..

I want no one to be sad for me, I am going content knowing I actually gave life a shot and tried my best! But I know this is the best solution :( Life is not meant for everyone and that is okay. 

Ever since I was little I had no other purpose than to be mercilessly abused by my teachers and peers and neglected by my parents (I believe they did not mean to, so I have no hard feelings though). 
I was treated as if I was less than human. If something in the class broke, they all agreed to blame it on me. If someone didn’t wipe the board that day, they’d say I was on duty so I’d be the one punished. They’d also beat me with a chair, push me down the stairs, throw my pencils out the window, step on my clothes so they’d be dirty, throw food in my face… you get the idea. At some point kids said if you touched me, you’d get a virus that made you as stupid and ugly as I was so no one wanted to sit next to me. I get really sad when I see younger pictures of myself :( She was a sweet girl and she didnt deserve that. Every day was like walking on the battlefield, I would pray to God to take me away but he didn’t want to. I was 11 at most :( My only relief was art, anime, video games and such. Up until 15 I only had online friends on an internet forum back then, and they helped me with loneliness. 

High school was a bit better but I ended up really depressed and spent it battling an eating disorder and not living my years unlike my peers :( My parents didnt notice I was struggling even though I was losing so much weight, they were too attentive to my little brother that had some issues so he needed more help and attention which I understood. But I was left to battle everything alone with no support :( I developed depression, SH issues and an ED. I went to therapy but didn’t help much :( 

Right now i’m working with kids, they are cute and I love them but my workplace is really abusive and it brought me to a new low :( it’s well paid but that doesn’t help me much. I dread everyday just like I did when I was a kid. I am just living the same sh’t again and again and cannot change anything. I know if I keep on living it will just be more and more abuse as this is why i was born :( i don’t know anything else but this. 

Love of my life left me a while ago and he is much better without me. Im too broken to love and be loved. (D, if u ever read this know that I loved u from the bottom of my heart. I am sorry I was not a better gf for you.)

Sadly I cannot feel anything anymore but despair and hopelessness. I left behind all my dreams of being an artist or a sports teacher or a trainer (i really love working out) sadly I chose psychology to study and I cannot change it anymore nor study something else :( I don’t even have the energy left anymore anyway. 

I really hope my parents will take care of my cats, two strays I saved and raised from since they were the size of my palm. Maxine and Sissi, you kept me alive for a little more and you are the light of my life 🤍 I will remember your shiny, emerald eyes, your soft fur, and you purring on my chest as I pass away. 

I had so much love to give sadly I didn’t know how to give and receive , and I am also really scared of people deep down :( I dont know how to fit in and never knew. I tried to change my life inside and outside, I really tried it all. But now my soul is really worn out :( 
I would like to thank everyone who kept me alive for a little longer, anyone who ever tried even in the slightest to encourage me, and saw even the littlest potential in me. 
I am sorry I bit like a scared dog the hands of people who tried to help because I couldn’t distinguish anymore who was and who wasn’t well-meaning. I am so sorry :( I have many regrets in this life too, all them being I wasn’t a better person to the very little people who loved me. In my last moments, I hope they can forgive me and visit my grave or think about me from time to time. I am sending everyone so much love and gratitude, it was a difficult journey and a really painful one too. I think my soul has learned a lot in this painful lifetime. But it is enough. 

Mom, Dad, I love you. I forgive you for not being there for me. I hope you can forgive me too. My dear cats, I love you. My beloved ex bf, I forgive you for leaving and i’ll always love you. The friends I had and left, i’ll cherish the memories. And everyone who took their time to read until the end, thank you! Goodbye everyone! 



Post 271: I just drank enough salt to kill me twice over, what the fuck do I do??? URGENT
Content:
I'm suicidal and just made an attempt, i kinda regret it though? It tasted bad, It was a glass of salt water with around 120 grams of salt apparently 0.5-1 grams per kilo of bodyweight is enough to be lethal I weigh like 60-70kg

Hypernatremia should set in soon, it's 02:14 am, I live in Oslo Norway, and I kinda regret it, but I'm pretty sure I might die, painfully and agonizingly so

As of 2 hours ago, I'm 17 years old, help wtf do I do

Edit:

At the hospital, probably not dying, I've take 3 blood tests and I have a bunch of machines hooked up to me, but I'm not dead

Not how I wanted to spend my 17th birthday, lol

Edit 2: 

I'm in grippy sock jail (psych ward)and it's officially 17 hours since I drank ***the concoction*** :3

Edit 3:

Just spent the first night at the psych ward, bed is uncomfortable and the pillows feel like sandbags, but WOW heading other people's psych ward stories I feel lucky for having a private bathroom, and no cameras in my room, lol.

Post 272: I fucking hate seeing love and affection everywhere around me
Content:
Everywhere i go, whatever i do. I try not to think about love because the reality of it makes me want to blow my brains out. Why you ask? I don't even want to begin explaining because the things that bother me nobody gives a shit about. It's just how life is and some people get a kick out of it but people like me have to suffer in it because oh well. But i fucking hate it when they throw it into your face. I listen to the radio a sexual song comes up. I watch tv, something sexual comes up, i just walk over from room to room if i want to get something to eat and between those rooms there's a person watching a sexual movie or a show, i go on reddit even posts on this subreddit or other subreddits where you find friends or things like that are always full of love related shit. Even other apps like discord and youtube. Even on the street or at school, at the store, wherever they're people kissing and hugging and i fucking hate it. I try to avoid it as much as i can because it makes me feel so horrible and angry but i just can't avoid it no matter how much i try. Everyone just shoves it into your face and i want it to end. I just can't stand it anymore.

Post 273: my rape ruined my life and I can’t escape it anymore
Content:
after i was raped, i got into a relationship w my best friend and current boyfriend. i love him more than anything and he’s been great for not just my mental health, but he has helped me find hope so many times. 

because of the rape, i ended up creating a fake past where i wasn’t a virgin and ive dated other men. i don’t know why it happened - it’s not excuse at all. my therapist thinks it just happened because i needed a way to cope, so i made up a new past for myself. it just has been painful to watch me be with him knowing ive been a liar and it’s my fault. 

i just don’t know what to do. i cant escape the rape. or my own faults. i have attempted twice. i was hospitalized in a psych facility once and it was horrible. because of the rape, i wasn’t able to walk for two months. it ruined my life and school. i failed two semesters of college and had to redo everything. i just can’t do this anymore. it is too hard and im 20 now - i cant imagine life getting better from this point. 

i just don’t know what to do. i feel like i have nothing left.

Post 274: I tried to kill myself Friday
Content:
I took as many pills as I could and washed them down with whiskey. Then I took a razor blade to my arm and cut it up until my arm and my basement was covered in blood. My parents found me and now I am at their house while they try to get me help. I survived and now I’m looking ahead to the future. I must’ve survived for a reason. It’s going to be hard but I need to at least give this a chance. I hope all of you do as well. Take care.

Post 275: The responses from the only 3 people I've trusted in years to let know I was suicidal.
Content:
Laughing.

Shut the fuck up.

Have a little bit more respect for yourself.


Edit: I am so sorry that so many of you have similar stories, we all deserved better. I hope you are all doing okay. ❤

Post 276: This is by far the loneliest and saddest birthday I ever had
Content:
I'm literally just sitting here playing games, hoping something falls on my head. From minute to minute the need for inflicting pai.n or more raises...

Post 277: I told my parents about being raped
Content:
I told them I got raped and instead of being supportive my dad victim blamed me and said I should've been around white people. Asshole I just want to end my suffering. I don't feel safe around men at the moment and I just want to run away. I hate this sad life.

Post 278: I just joined reddit. I'm 40 years old and suicidal. I have problems with porn. I've never had sex with a woman.
Content:
At the suggestion of my therapist, he recommended I join reddit.  So, I'm giving this a try.  I'm 40 years old and suicidal.  I live in New Hampshire, USA.  I have been thinking lately, that, it is my time to leave this world.  I am also addicted to porn and have been viewing it for years.  I've never had a girlfriend, nor have I ever had sex with a woman.  I have only seen one escort in Boston, Massachusetts.  I was excited (too excited) about the prospect of having sex that while the escort and I were lying in bed nude (she was caressing my chest up and down) and she put her hand over my d\*ck, my rocket launched unexpectedly - yes, premature ejaculation.  Sometimes it happens.  Needless to say, we didn't have sex.

I am so depressed and lonely.  I have come to the realization that I'm unattractive to women and that there is no point in living anymore.  I hate my job.  I work in a call center for a major Boston-based insurance company.  It's a terrible job.  I get yelled at by people and I'm completely exhausted every day after talking on the phone with customers.  My job has nothing to do with my college degree.  I majored in marine transportation while attending a maritime academy.  I worked as a junior ship's officer aboard oil tankers for 2 years, but eventually I was fired.  The captain who fired me thought that I was incompetent.

My porn use has escalated.  I look at it almost every morning before I have to sign-on to my work computer to take calls from customers.  I'm working from home right now because of COVID-19.  Also, I don't look at porn on my work computer - I'm not that stupid.  I only look at porn on my personal computer.

In 2017, I asked out a woman at work who was older than me.  She was in her early 40s.  A beautiful blonde who had a very sexy face and a beautiful body.  Anyway, I got rejected and sometimes I think she rejected me because she thought I was ugly.

I'm currently seeing a psychologist and a psychiatrist and the therapy just doesn't seem to work for me.  I feel so hopeless like nothing will ever get better.  I don't think that I will ever find a woman because I am unattractive and skinny.  I was going to the gym to lift weights, but then I stopped.

I did attempt suicide about a year ago.  After my attempt, my family suggested that I go to the hospital.  So, I went to Portsmouth Regional Hospital in New Hampshire into their Behaivoral Health Unit.  I spent 7 days there.  After I got out of the hospital, I felt better but then later on I started looking at porn again and felt depressed and lonely.

I've tried dating sites like [Match.com](https://Match.com) and [OKCupid.com](https://OKCupid.com) and haven't had any success.  I had a subscription for about 1 1/2 years and decided to unsubscribe recently because I just wasn't getting any responses from women.

The only thing that keeps me going are my two nieces who are 8 and 4 years old whom I enjoy playing with like hide-and-go-seek, ride bikes, play catch, play Monopoly and swimming in a pool.  I just love them so much.

Any advice?  I plan on seeing another escort because my goal is to have sex with a woman.  I just don't I have much of a life left in this world.  My uncle committed suicide at 45 years old and I've been strongly considering the same thing.  Maybe sooner if not later when I reach 45.

Thank You for reading my post.

Post 279: Bye guys!
Content:
Told my mom I was suicidal earlier tonight and she accused me of seeking attention. That was the nail in my coffin. I’m hanging myself after this post cause clearly nobody thinks I’m serious. Fuck this godforsaken world, I’m out.

Update: didn’t kill myself last night. Sorry for the teaser, just didn’t have the balls to go through with it. Maybe another day...

Post 280: I told my abusive narcissistic sadist of a mother to “Fuck off, eat the shit that comes out of your mouth & die painfully you sadistic cunt!” Right before cutting contact with her.
Content:
My mother has been cruel, verbally, emotionally, psychologically & physically abusive ever since I can remember. For example when I was diagnosed with schizophrenia & severe depression when I was 7, she took a tarantula from outside, threw me in a closet, threw the spider in & locked me in there while screaming like a banshee. That 8 legged monstrosity bit me 5 times before I passed out from fear. When I woke up, there were 4 more bites. She always made me her scapegoat. The first out of my 9 suicide attempts took place when I was 9 years old. When she found out that I started cutting myself, she severely beat me & called me a mistake. Years have passed & after starting to see a psychiatrist, I was diagnosed with severe PTSD & a severe anxiety disorder. I tend to drink to cope with my problems. If anyone were to personally ask me how I would describe myself, I’d say, “Damaged beyond recovery & broken beyond repair.” I barely sleep in fear of yet again reliving my past in my nightmares. I’m 24 now & I’ll be 25 this year. Damn, to those who read this post, I need to know. Was I wrong to tell her off like that?

Post 281: Suicide is the first thing I think of when I wake up and it is the last thing I think of before bed.
Content:
Honestly at this point suicide is not a matter of if,but  when. It could be a couple months or mabey several years, but I know that my life is probably destined for suicide.

Post 282: I know this is gonna sound creepy but...
Content:
All I want right now is a big hug from a girl, just to be held and to feel safe and warm. I don’t feel comfortable with being sensitive with my parents, my father doesn’t even show sympathy when I cry and my mother calls me a freak. I know it sounds weird but it’s like I’m never allowed to be sensitive or show emotions, I’d love just a hug to feel safe and at least less like a freak.

Post 283: Cognitive decline. Can anyone relate?
Content:
My depression is killing my brain cells.

I swear im actually retarded- that i even take EXTREMELY OBVIOUS sarcasm, baits, ironic humor seriously. Jesus, im soo fucking dumb, i dont have any critical thinking, i can barely think at all.

I have zero comprehension as in not understanding a single word i read. I cant form opinions, i dont have any views.... and i have severe difficulty explaining my views (im inarticulate, another symptom of ny brain fog). Like i cant even talk and have constant stutter.

I cant think, cant learn and can hardly function. Ive suffered for 6 years non stop. 

Can anyone relate?

Post 284: My brother killed himself and I want to be with him
Content:
Two days ago.
We both struggled with depression. He much longer than I.
I was doing better. Healthier,  happier.

Now all of my lonely depressive feelings have come back. And I want to take one of his guns.
I wont. I think I want to still live.

I miss you Abbie.

Post 285: Fuck Friends
Content:
I lost my best friend. She told me she can't take my depression. Like I ask for this. Fuck her. Im over trying to open myself up to people and then stepping on me. When I kill myself they will all be sorry. At least I would be at peace. Fuck people.

Post 286: My despicable legacy
Content:
Today, as 25th may I've decided to kill myself. Not sure if it's because I've finally gathered enough confidence, or if it's because I finally understand things I didn't before. I do not seek help, however, attention would be nice, to be heard at least one time in my life; to finally show the world my most secret flaws, my archivements, the things I've accomplished, the bad memories, overall: to finally tell my despicable legacy. 

I feel invisible. 

I've been invisible my whole life. While never completely ignored, always felt invisible. 
I feel alone, even when I'm with the ones that are close to me; it is something I've been trying to stop for around 10 years, but finally give up.

At first, I was born as an accident, I've never been told that, nor made feel that way, but is clear that a mother who is 19, and a father who is 21, didn't exactly planned a child outside even a stable relation. 
I was lucky to be born in a somewhat rich family. I lived with my mother, her parents and my uncle until I was 5, then moved to a flat, with my mother and her new husband. 
From 0 to 4 life was decently good, I don't personally recall any bad experiences, but I was told recently from my grandmother that I would usually cry and reject being taken from my home to hers. I don't know why. 
My dad was poor by that time, he was still studying as a ecologist. He was present, to be fair, he was more present when I couldn't remember. 

From 5 to 12 I lived in the flat I mentioned early. I was there alone most of the day. Now I think, what kind of parent would leave a kid alone in a flat at the age of 5? Well, one that clearly didn't care enough. At 6 I joined school, the same monotous hell I assisted for 12 years. I never really fitted with the average person. I wasn't an outcast, or a creep, I had friends. They weren't good friends, but they were friends after all. We would normally go to each other houses and play together, watch movies, etc. 
I never did good in school, I barely did decent. Parents reacted in the only logical way they could think of, by beating me. Luckily my mother and dad broke up when I was around 3, so each of them went their way. 
My father never, ever hit me. He was a rational man who believed in dicipline through love, tho he never showed me love. 
Nothing particulary especial happened from the age of 6 to 12, besides being bullied by some classmates; leading me to bully the ones who were weaker than me, which I completely regret. 

At the age of 10 this odd feeling started in my chest, some kind of void? Some kind of sucking force that was draining my energy, my happiness and somehow, my willing to live. I didn't understand it. I had no idea why it was happening. Suddenly, the world was no more love painted. A great hatred towards this new enviorement grew in me. To see everyone as an enemy. Years later I understood that was when my depression began, my daily prison, the loneliness I feel every day; that was the starting point. 
At 12, I cannot recall what was in especific that made me cut, but something made me look for some kind of redemption in flagellation. I enjoyed it to some degree. I never did it to a serious level, and I stopped fairly quick, it only lasted for around 6 months. Months of carving my hatred and depression in my horrible body. 
I forgot to mention that I've been called, or been made feel ugly my whole life, untill today. So a natural doubt about myself, and my body arise, and it's been here with me since so long... 

At this point I'm a bit drunk. Getting everything ready for my departure, as I listen to There's no beauty left here, amazing album. 

Sadly I never got hug any significant another, let alone kiss. I never felt the love of someone else, never got to cuddle anyone, to trust, to love, to have sex with, to share my thoughts. I've always been by my own, I've always been alone. What saddens me the most, is that I've never been heard. I've always been ignored.

Invisible. That's what I've been feeling like for about 4 years. 

Everyone around me gets talked by others. Others interact with others, but not me. 
It covers many aspects, not only been talked but... I don't know how to explain it. I am a somewhat smart person, but sometimes I believe I'm really invisible? 
Sometimes I talk to people in real life, and they just ignore me? 
Philosophy has been an interesting topic for me, yet I cannot answer myself. If I'm ignored like that, am I even there? Was I part of a community? 

But this is about the good things I did, too. 
I joined the fire brigade. Had a good time there, it filled myself more than any other activity, I helped men, women and children. Tho it was never enough to bury the loneliness and emptiness I felt. 

I also rescued a kitty that was pregnant! I called her Mamou, she had 4 little kitties which I gifted to people I knew who would take good care of them. 

But it's been 2 years since I've been living on my own, Mamou died 3 weeks ago, which made me realize the futily of life. But overall, made something a bit more clear for me. It wasn't hatred what I felt for the world, but disappointment. We've come so far as a species. We have so much potential, but it's been wasted, and me myself I am guilty of this. I haven't done anything remarkable. 
I am disappointed at the selfishness, the antipathy, the greed, and the distancing of humans. 

For those reasons I am sorry for whoever will have to clean my body, or cremate it? I am sure my parents won't want a funeral for me. I mean, even less with whats going on with the world right now 

That leads me to my next point, betrayal, backstabbing and abandon. That's what some of my friends did to me. They ditched me out of their lives like a spent torch, like a used tissue. 
Sure, I did a mistake, I admit it. I did many mistakes. But looking at them in a objective way, is not much different of what our true nature is, in other words, I never did something worth abandoning your friend, and then getting them fired of their job.

Quarantine is fucked up, makes me realize that the little chances I had of meeting someone before, now are completely gone. Tho it hasn't been all bad, I got fit. I lost a lot of weight. I've read hundred of classic and cult books, same for music. 

Anyway, to the last point. The things I most regret in life? Probably not being more myself, that would have probably brought more pain, but it is uncertain. 
I regret never meeting and loving someone, it was harsh seeing everyone around me find someone, everyone but me. 

If you made it this far, I cannot properly explain how much I appreciate the time you dedicated reading this. This is more attention than all the one I've been given through my whole life. It felt really good to open up after so long

I am Tomás Renard, these are the last words I want to say before leaving this world, and venturing into the next one. If anyone is concerned, know I will leave happy that at least read this post. I will leave with the only thing that has been here for me my whole life, a nice bottle of pipeño wine

Post 287: I’m proud of myself
Content:
Yesterday I worked up the courage to clean my depression cave. My room was an absolute mess and my parents were getting angry with me for it so I called my friend and we cleaned and organized together. I can actually see my floor now and my desktop is clear. I’m very happy I got it done, it doesn’t change the way my brain is, but it’s nice to have a small win sometimes!


Thank you all so much!! It’s made me so happy to know people are proud of me. Thanks for the awards too!!! HOLY ALMOST 500 UPVOTES THANKS SO MUCH!! :))

Post 288: eVeRyOnE gOeS tHrOuGh dEpPrEsSiOn, YoU’rE nOt AlOnE
Content:
Everyone goes through month-long periods of wanting to sever their head with a shotgun or taking a jar full of cyanide? Bull fucking shit

Post 289: My therapist told me that in order to feel better I gotta suffer.
Content:
Yeah bitch, if I'll continue to suffer I'll feel better at some point. Because I'm gonna kill myself, not because of you.

That bitch really let me down and hopeless today.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Thanks everyone for all the replies. You are making it less difficult. Thank you. AND THANKS FOR THE AWARDS!!!

Post 290: Sleeping is so peaceful, I hate waking up.
Content:
When I am sleeping, nothing around me exists. No duties, no burdens, no depression nothing. I can just live. Even dreamless sleeps, where there is nothing but darkness feels so comfortable. I can just close my eyes and leave this world for some moments. 

I am so tired. So tired of everything. They always say "there's light at the end of the tunnel" but I've been running and running with no end in sight. No relief in sight. I'm just endlessly running while wearing a mask of a sane man.

Post 291: I fucking hate humans who treat suicidal people like they are some negative demons
Content:
Ffs I'm so tired of this. Yes I am negative. I'm fucking suicidal. I'm not enjoying life like you do. People treat me like shit for being suicidal. Then they talk how understanding and caring they are. I can't act negative because they don't like it. They say "just be yourself" then I show my genuine self and show how much help I need. Then they say "go away. You're so weird". They even proceed to kick me off from every place they see me. Why? I'm too suicidal and that makes them feel uncomfortable. Fuck you. Just say you hate depressed people in the first place instead of saying them to open up just to slap them in the face. This is exactly why some people kill themselves. People like them kills people who actually want to live. Then they say bs like "wish that person opened up. We could've helped him". Rot in hell, genuinely. 

For the person who's reading this, I'm so sorry if you've gone through the same thing. You have the right to say the way you feel no matter what. Don't trust people who are too nice. I'll be there for you.

Edit: I didn't thought this post would blow up. I assumed it's just gonna fade away. But damn, I don't feel alone. There are people who understand what I say. That actually makes me smile. There are people who went through the same thing and I know there are understanding people out there. It's frustrating and sad to hear how the world works but at least I know that's how it works. Love you all sooooo much for showing that I'm not alone.

Post 292: Does anyone else ever think to themselves “any day now I’m going to kill myself”
Content:
I just feel like I’m constantly on some sort of pin and needle. Just no way in hell I can survive anymore. Each day is the same boredom and misery. Prison. Let me out. I just don’t see where it’s worth it. I’m not super talented so the creative ability necessary to better myself isn’t there. Self destructive plagues always end up fucking me up

Post 293: It's kinda sad when u don't really wanna die but u don't wanna live either
Content:
It's kinda sad when u don't really wanna die but u don't wanna live either n u get stuck in that spot where sometimes u start being productive n hopeful for the future. Then outta nowhere u start hating everything including urself saying that those plans will never work n u're just a failure n u should just kill urself

Post 294: depression has given me brain damage
Content:
 

God i hope im not alone in what im experiencing. Im completely rock bottom now

I swear this severe and constant depression has destroyed all my brain cells. God, i cant even begin to express how fucking moronic i am- ive zero common sense, absolutely no critical thinking skills. Im not joking, my mind is blank 100% of the time and i cant even reason or use critical thinking. Im just really dumb.

I struggle to grasp obvious jokes and sarcasm/satire goes over my head. Jesus, im just not thinking at all, i cant think whatsoever- my brain is super slow.... I LITERALLY DONT KNOW OR UNDERSTAND ANYTHING; i am completely divorced from reality.

I cant even put forth a proper argument- ALL I HAVE EVER BEEN CAPABLE OF IS RECYCLING THE SAME ARGUMENTS LIKE A BROKEN RECORD- i literally canmot think, im a fucking vegetable.

My brain has deteriorated soo much that i dont know even basic shit; i cant do mental arithmetic anymore. I dont know what capitalism meams.... literally... absolutely nothing, no knowledge.

I JUST CANT THINK

Am i alone?

Post 295: I wish I could sleep forever.
Content:
The only time I can get away from being depressed and suicidal is when I'm sleeping. I just wish I could sleep forever. Being awake, existing, thinking, remembering, eating. It just brings me agony.

I was supposed to kill myself today, but I couldn't go through with it. I'm in so much pain right now

Post 296: I HATE HUMANITY
Content:
I HATE BEING A MEMBER OF HUMANITY. I HATE ALL THE TERRIBLE WORST ASPECTS OF THIS BARBARIC SPECIES. I HATE ALL THE INJUSTICES THAT HUMANS COMMIT AGAINST EACH OTHER. BEING ALIVE ON THIS EARTH IS PURE ABJECT TERROR AND I CAN FEEL FIRES RAGING BENEATH MY SKIN I WANT TO GET OUT OF HERE I NEED TO GET OUT OF HERE.

Post 297: I want to kill myself to avoid the future
Content:
Generally speaking, my life isn’t terrible right now. But I know the future is going to be unimaginably painful and it scares the crap out of me. So much so that I’m willing to end it all to avoid it. 

Maybe I’m just overreacting, since what I’m scared of is what pretty much everyone goes through. But I really don’t want responsibility. I hate that the more I age, the more people expect of me. I don’t want to turn 18 and suddenly be an adult, thrown out to the world. There’s so much that will have to be done in my life and I can’t handle it. 

Getting into university, getting a job, a drivers licence, hell even just the idea of having to get groceries... it all scares me. I feel like everything is happening too fast. 

I hate that this problem isn’t something I can just fix. It will never “get better” because what troubles me is life itself. How am I supposed to fix the fact that I’m too anxious to live?

Post 298: Gone before 2021
Content:
My therapist is taking 2 weeks off. I’m not gonne see him again. 

Thank you for your support. I’m sorry...


Edit to Add:
Thank you for your support. My therapist deserves the time off (particularly from me) but is such a compassionate man, he has offered/insisted to still see me if I need to none the less but I’ll be damned if I’m going to bother him when he is so accomodating to me and always makes time to see me whenever I need. He is not the problem. 

I am taking this opportunity away from him while I will feel zero guilt and getting it “done” to stop this neverending hell of isolation, loneliness, severe depression, and zero social support likely to go on for another YEAR due to Covid. I had pretty severe issues pre-pandemic also.

I appreciate ever one of your comments, *all of you* who took time to say anything at all... I know many of you are in the same boat. I hooe you can all join together during this time to help each other. You are all the best.

I’ve reached a point of no return and uncovered levels of hopelessness I never knew possible. I’m unable to communicate directly with people at all at this point, I have not spoken to anyone except my therapist (also my psychiatrist) since March due to trust issues.

This sub has been so amazing and it continues to be. I’m sorry to disappoint, I just can’t...
❤️

***
To my therapist: I am so so so so so sorry.  
***

Post 299: Can anyone spare time to talk please? Attempted suicide. No friends
Content:
Can anyone spare time to talk? I know its a long shot but I have NOBODY to talk to and no friends and I just need to get a few things off my mind that's driving me crazy. I attempted suicide and almost succeeded a week ago and I feel so helpless and weak as a person :( ive always felt this way but the last 6 months have been a lot worse

Thank you!

Post 300: Please someone just notice this
Content:
I’m so tired of almost constantly crying and being angry and sad at everything

I’m in constant misery and nothing helps

I feel so alone, I’ve lost everyone and everything over time and I’ve got no goals

Nothing makes me happy anymore

I don’t know if I’m ready to die, I don’t know if I’m ready to stop existing entirely forever and never see the sunlight of day ever again, or ever hear the voice of my friends or remember anything or ever feel happy again even if for a brief moment

But I’m in constant agony and I wish this would just end

Life for me is this endless cycle of misery and sadness and for the past year it just doesn’t end. Ever.

What the fuck do I even do at this point

Post 301: I just overdosed and dont want to die
Content:
I overdosed a few hours ago and I can't tell my parents I'm 15 and I can't call 911 but I want to live how do I help myself I tried throwing up but I could barely do so please hurry I'm running out of time in getting really sleepy

Post 302: My dad recorded a video of me walking down the street
Content:
He showed it to me on his pc, showing my hands in my pockets, my head down, obviously looking quite dead-faced. Telling me he showed this to me to show what u look like to the rest of the world, an overweight loser who will never get anothet girlfriend stuck in his own thoughts. I feel so weird and dirty that. I was recorded the one time I wasn't putting on a front, pretending I had my shit together head held up high. Maybe it's his fucked up way of trying to motivate me to sort my shit out but it just makes me wish I could stop existing. I fucking hate myself more. My family obviously hates me, maybe if I go they will feel sad for a bit but then as time goes on they'll forget about me. I know a spot off the local trail, maybe tonight, I'm not yet sure 😔 I want this pain in my head to go away. I'm sick of feeling stuck

Post 303: i just took all the remaining pills of my 5 prescriptions. goodbye.
Content:
title says most of it. a month ago i tried to jump off the golden gate bridge and got detained and 5250ed. things haven’t gotten better and i’m just done. this life isn’t for me. it’s my time to go. i’m really sorry to all the people who love me. i feel bad but i cant stick around anymore. i hope things get better for anybody reading this. goodbye

update: i survived, i’m in the ICU right now, they said i would’ve died if i didn’t come in. thank you everyone for your kind messages and caring, i’ll try to reply to everyone but it’ll take some time considering :( thank you all 💙

Post 304: I tried to kill myself yesterday
Content:
I tried to hang myself yesterday. I deleted everything in my mobile and laptop.i wrote a note. But when I wanted to hang myself,I couldn't. I feel empty. In the days my thoughts are fucked up. In the nights I'm getting fucked up nightmares. Whenever I wake up I'm automatically feeling the need to kill myself. Yesterday it got real. The strings of all the thoughts when I put the rope on neck,I just couldn't. I'm worried about my mom and my dogs. But I just can't continue living this life. Wish I could get a gun, so that it'll all go away in a bang.
I have no one. I'm afraid of the future. Only way I could escape this miserable life is death. Never realized how hard it is once I put the rope around my neck.i fucked my career. I fucked up life. At this point everything seems pointless.

Post 305: Can't talk to anyone about being suicidal because it will just lead to them calling the police on me and becoming prisoner in a hospital
Content:
I dont wanna live anymore. And I CERTAINLY dont wanna be chained to a bed in a psych ward. I can't talk to my friends or family cause they just immediately call the police and say I'm a danger which gets me locked in a hospital for a week and 5000 dollars in bills. I can't even act suicidal. Im just forced to sit here and think. I never asked to be born. I DIDN'T ASK TO BE ALIVE. I DON'T WANT TO. I hate myself so much and there's no reason to live my whole life in poverty and sadness. People just want me to be alive so they don't have to deal with my death. I hate myself and I hate my life

Post 306: No one cares until it's too late. Just fake sympathies and meaningless words tossed around to make themselves feel like good people
Content:
Everytime I read about suicide, I read people saying how lonely they were and they'll miss them. But rarely any one ever mentions how they tried to reach out before hand

I'm suffering from the same shit right now and all I see is how people say they are happy to see me doing"well" then ghost me afterwards when I try to reach out

I am so sick of all the fake sympathies I see at every corner. Just fucking say you are just acting for those"feel good points" and leave me the fuck alone. Worst of all is I have to act like they are real or I'm the asshole for calling them out of their shit

I can tell when you are doing this shit, you say one thing but your actions are telling a whole different story. Stop acting like you are good at this charade. You aren't helping them, you are just helping yourself

I honestly don't think I can keep this up much longer. It's the same shit over and over again and I don't see it changing anytime soon, I'm so tired of this

Tbh, Only thing keeping me here now is so my parents won't be sad. But I feel like this is an awful reason since I am just suffering for the sake of others. The temptation grows everyday and it really does feel like I am just waiting to follow them

If you manage to read to the end of the rant, please do genuinely reach out to others, acting doesn't help at all especially when you are going to turn face asap

Post 307: My parents shouldn't have given birth to me
Content:
My parents clearly dont know shit about raising a child right. Cant get a job, cant survive school, and having lots of issues with my mental health, and its all because of how my entire family has treated me since I was young. They have done even more fucked up shit in the past as well but Im not gonna mention here in this post. Im such a fucking mess right now. No one in my family gives a single shit about my mental illness, even after my suicide attempt. My parents will just be shouting and screaming at me and be like "oh, just suck it up!" or "stop being so sensitive and anxious". Like jesus christ just stfu.

Im currently seeing a psychiatrist and he has been pretty okay I guess, but during our last session he told me that he doesnt really know how to help me anymore because of my parents are always taking away my meds and not believing anything what my psychiatrist said. He just told me to just go for counselling, but i really dont think its that helpful so far.

I really wish i was dead, this is just too painful

Post 308: Will I EVER commit suicide? Probably not. Do I think about doing it? Every. Single. Day.
Content:
I don't know if I could ever bring myself to do it. There has been attempts before in the past, but never too serious to the point where I needed to be hospitalized. Once saw a post that said, "Can I have a 30 day free trial of being dead?" Never related to something so much in my damn life. Let me be an accident, not to the point where I die, but maybe in a coma for a while. Just to escape. 

I'm the friend that no ones wants to hang out with. I don't have anybody. I made a bad reputation for myself in high school and college (mainly just rumor-based) and I never bounced back from it because of my anxiety. I don't know who I am. I don't know what love is. Being suicidal is the only feeling I truly and wholeheartedly know, which is both comforting and petrifying at the same time. 

Lord forgive me, I'm going to need it. 

Post 309: Tried to kill myself last night - failed and traumatised my mom and dad for life
Content:
I don’t really know why I’m posting this, I guess I feel like people here would understand. I feel so profoundly alone, I know I can talk to my loved ones, but I’ve seen how it breaks their hearts when I tell them how hopeless I feel. So I kept everything to myself and put on fake smiles and happy conversations and (I’m a recovering alcoholic) didn’t tell anyone about my relapses etc. I just wanted to be a normal person.

Last night I reached my wits end. I really tried to be better. I tried to keep everyone happy. But I can’t ignore this deep ache I feel in my heart and soul. An ache that feels like my very existence to the core is not natural, not meant to be there 

So I set up a noose on my curtain rail, wrote a short letter to say goodbye and sorry and got on a chair. My mom walked into my room as I was standing by the curtain and I managed to hide the noose and make an excuse about trying to fix my curtain, she said I should stop being silly and go get dinner, I told her I’d come just now but she wouldn’t let up. So.. I just slipped the rope on and jumped off the chair as fast I could. I thought it would kill me fast enough but instead I had my mom trying to hold my body up while I suffocated and my dad trying to cut the rope down with a knife. 

It’s the next day and I feel a thousand times worse that I put everyone through hell AND couldn’t even get the job done. I’m a horrible human being, because despite all of that, I still want nothing more than to stop existing. 
I truly don’t believe that I’ll ever be able to live a life that isn’t agonising for me 90% of the time. How does one ever come to terms with such a thing.

Edit: thank you so much to all the kind souls who offered me words of comfort, encouragement and helpful advice. I’m so incredibly grateful for the support and not feeling so alone through all of this. 

I am currently in a mental facility, voluntarily, to get the professional help I desperately need and being here has been helping me immensely. I won’t try to give anyone advice on how to deal with their thoughts and feelings, but I’m extremely grateful to have been given a chance to get help. I just had to be willing to ask for it. I’m taking things one day at a time. 

Post 310: I don't bother telling anyone in my life that I'm suicidal anymore.
Content:
I've wanted to end it since I was like 5. at 25, IDK if this is ever going to go away. But frankly, it isn't fair for me to put it on my friends and family every time I want to end it all. The thing is, I want to end it MOST of the time, so it ends up just being emotional manipulation when I tell them. As in, I wanna kill myself most days, but I only ever brought it up when I wanted attention and affection and people didn't want to give it. I've ruined plenty a relationship and friendship that way, no sense in doing it again. It makes them so sad, and hurt, and afraid when I tell them, and usually they can't do anything anyway. Plus, I don't think I'll really do it anyway... so might as well just reach out to random internet strangers.

Post 311: I am getting meaner and meaner every single day.
Content:
I can't handle people talking to me however they want anymore. Im over it. Fuck it.

Post 312: Today i was told that “Suicide is the coward’s way out. Don’t be a coward.”
Content:
I find crazy that people would bash you for being suicidal. It’s ok to feel down, and it’s understandable to go down such dark thinking, as long as you resurface. Yes I know life can be tough and it takes strength to persevere...

But what dumb bastard thinks that telling you this is going to help. It doesn’t. It’s not an attempt to make you tough or strong; it just puts people down. People like us need medical help, friends, and advice to rise above their problems. I just don’t understand why anyone would tell anything this. 

Idk just felt like ranting that is all. I was told this by my older brother when I had an episode; I keep asking for help, and I keep getting ignored. : (

Post 313: Anyone else feels like a burden to their friends?
Content:
I feel like my only friend is tired of me. Honestly? I don't blame her. Dealing with a miserable fuck like me must be pretty tiring. Whenever I bring up the fact that I don't feel good or try to share something personal it almost feels as if she wants to tell me to fuck off lol I feel bad saying all this, she means a lot to me and I'm sure she means well but.. damn I feel really lonely and alone with my problems. Maybe I'm just whiny and selfish but sometimes I want more than "Don't think about it, others have it worse". Sometimes I feel like I'm the problem and just pretend that everything is okay so she won't get uncomfortable around me. Is it selfish to feel this way? I feel really alone.

Post 314: I want to kill myself more than anything but I can’t;(
Content:
I can not go a single day where suicide doesn’t cross my mind. Sometimes I think about it just to give myself comfort. The thought of just ending it all and not having to deal with any of this ever again gives me unbelievable comfort. But I have a very loving family who would be heartbroken and I can’t do that to them. If my entire family died tonight I would kill myself first thing in the morning. My life is constant sadness and I hate myself I just want to end it all. Sometimes at work when I literally will think about suicide just to make the time go by faster:( does anyone else have the thought in the very back of their mind that their mom/family would just die so you can kill yourself without hurting them?

Post 315: Jobs are slavery , work , obey, consume or suffer .
Content:
I refuse to be a part of this corrupt system. I hope there is a afterlife. I hope God exist. I hope he allows me heaven. I hope he gives a free mansion like he says on the bible. I hope he hugs me and tells me everything is fine, it's over. This is my last message.



THIS IS HELL RUN!

Post 316: Everyone I know is working so hard and I'm just sitting here watching.
Content:
Everyone I know, friends, classmates, family etc they're all working hard to achieve their goals whether that be academic, art or even financial and I'm just watching life pass by and doing nothing like a pebble.

I'm not working hard, I'm not working at all, I'm just disappointing everyone that has any expectations from me. I'm not reliable, I'm not mature enough, I'm not responsible enough, not emotionally available, I don't have enough energy or even any motivation. I'm just a disaster waiting to happen.

 I'll never be good enough. I used to be, I was a brilliant kid, everyone loved me because I could achieve what they wanted from me, now I can't even dream of achieving what I want from myself.

But I'm not sad, I'm just numb and tired.

Post 317: My name is Tyler, that’s my real name this is my only account, I’m highly suicidal, have been since I was about 6-7 years old, I’m 26 now and it’s different now. I’m going to tell you my story in a new attempt to gain enough relief to fall asleep tonight. Thanks for reading if you do <3
Content:

Growing up, I was always a really weird kid. I distinctly remember that I had just seen the world differently. It seemed that my imagination had a bigger play in my life than most. Me and a friend in kind garden would squeeze batteries in our hands and pretend that we were Mario or Pokémon because neither of our families could/would buy us a game console but we were exposed to them by relatives and tv. It was so simple back then and looking back so pure,  but it felt like we were there. We didn’t have what other kids had to have fun so we became those things. As far as I know I was a decent enough kid however when my brother came along around age 4, we would fight, I would hurt him, not bad (typically young brother bs) but still enough to get beaten from my father when he got off work. My father more so was (he is still with us) a rigid, traditionally Hispanic in parenting, angry, regretful person. When he was in the house there was always a strange energy of danger even if nothing was going on. It was better to just stay quiet. This didn’t really work because my younger brother soon learned that it was an easy win when we’d bicker to just cry out loud, our dad would come in, beat my ass and I would curse my brothers name for doing so but alas it would get me to stop. My real last memory of child abuse before my teens is about 15 seconds of my dad putting me in a corner on the ground, telling me if I wanted to fight to put my hands up and when I did to just shield myself he pummeled me with closed fists. I was around 10 years old, maybe give or take a couple years, not sure, I have terrible memory of most my life. As I got older, my brother and I actually started bonding, he liked the way I started standing up to our dad no matter how bad I was beat down. He’s told me i inspired him. My mom btw is/was awesome, but didn’t really do much except yell to stop from the sidelines or leave the room since she couldn’t bear to watch. I can’t blame her, not much negativity felt towards her for I know she unconditionally loves me and that must’ve been a tough and traumatic experience for her as well. Moving forward, I’m a decent student, normally averaging around low A’s my brothers straight A’s if not 100’s, not much of a big deal there, my mom started adding incentives once we grew into our early teens (for every A we got in a semester she’d give us like 10 dollars or something, it was dope so we did well). Through out life I feel like I found connections that I would replace for my fathers love, through friendship. I grew very close and desperately wanted to fit in with my friends. I would spend hours out of the house riding bikes around the neighborhood doing dumb lil kid shit, but it was a really freeing time out I remember. Fast forward, around when I was 14, my brother 11 my mom bought me a bass guitar because I had been getting into random enough Japanese rock from the anime I would watch and to me the bassist was always the most bad ass and going crazy member, my brother came along and she bought him a guitar spur of the moment, figured it would help us bond. It did. It really did and I thank everything in this world for those times that followed because they were hands down the best years of my life. I was a shitty bassist and soon transitioned over to wanting to be a singer and my brother excelled at guitar, going onto be called a prodigy by everyone from teachers, producers and most of the respected music industry people we would eventually encounter. But at the time he was my little brother and being a fresh teen thought it would be wack to have my 11 year old brother in the band. I started a couple bands, the second one introducing my brother in as lead guitar. This was a turning point.

Back to family life, my dad started to realize he was aging and I was starting to gain my testosterone fueled teenage body, this didn’t stop anything, but only extended our fights into actual fights. My dad, a correction officer, doing manual labor his whole life handed my ass to me every time. All while telling me to kill myself and how no one loved me and I was a mistake. Nothing like this was said to my brother, unless in terms of how I’ve manipulated him into becoming just like me. I became a bit of a shitty protector of the house hold, two accounts stick out immeasurably to me. The first being (funny kind of a call back to how my brother would yell for my dad to come) my brother was upstairs and screamed Tyler help dad just hit me. In a blind fury, i bum rushed my dad onto the floor, commanded my brother to hold his arms down and pummeled him in his face, chest, balls, anywhere i could hit before he brother free all while yelling the likes of “it used to just be me, that’s where you should’ve left it”. It was a powerful moment. My father spent the rest of the week walking downstairs like a caged tiger screaming and laughing about how he was going to kill me. ‘‘Twas still a sweet victory. No fear.

I’ll speed up the rest: me and my bro made a band, everyone betrayed us, we made another and took full control of who was in it, wrote all the music, what we looked like, who we recorded with, and what not. With his help i created a two year plan to get signed to a label called Fearless Records. We played metal. It was therapeutic and empowering stuff to play after everything you’ve read thus far. 

We did it in four months.

I got a text by our newly acquired manager that we had been offered a deal by the label of our dreams. I cried and got sent home early. A record that I wrote all the lyrics to and my brother wrote all the music to, all fueled by the hate and distinction of our father son dissonance. It was the biggest victory a small town probably has seen, at least our small town. Every time he said we were garbage, we should try something else, i couldn’t sing and my brother should play something nice. Every time he laid a hand on us, put into songs and we did it in four months! Still makes me proud to this day man. 

Btw, this isn’t a story about my father.
He is not the reason I want to kill myself anymore.

The label fucked us over, made us record 3 different records each time hating something that they previously wanted and we called it quits. Our deal was good n no need to recoup anything, just disband.

This is where whatever is inside me to this day was brought into this life. A foe I don’t know if I can beat this time. Throughout the story so far, I had a flame inside of me. The whole time a purpose to prove. A will to fight. I always told people that I wasn’t sad, I was angry. And the anger forged who I was. A determined, skill ful musician, with the mane of a lion and the attitude to match, a man who did it. But when that all went away. I became a worm, but not yet.

Shit with my dad cooled off, he retired. I’m assuming his job really was the culprit of the aggression and I stopped holding the past against him. At this point I had been a dumbass at points too and figured it was not worth the energy or the negativity of keeping that cloud around. Was he still an incredibly ill informed, ego centric prick? Yeah, but I was a different person now and couldn’t be bothered with it. Most times shrugging off his comments. I had worth now.

Me and my bro made another band with just our drummer from the previously signed act, but it didn’t last long, we did an all over the place EP that was uninspiring yet everyone we showed loved it. Drummer left, became a solo artist, he’s a whole other story. I can’t help but feel as tho I’m responsible for his and my brothers mental state as I’m 3-4 years older than both of them (i was always the dad figure to them).

Fuck it tho, rock n roll, we did it once we’ll do it again. Me and my brother move to Los Angeles California in hopes of creating a new sound within the fusion realm of rap, emo, metal, and pop genres. We moved with two of my friends from NY and got a shitty two bedroom apartment and split the rooms. The other two room mates were supposedly friends for years yet fought constantly, shit talked each other and created this crazy negative space in this 1000 sqft. It was not comfortable to say the least. However the one room mate in specific, targeted my brother, who at this point basically didn’t talk to either of them. (This is point one and point 2 is my confesssion) And then there was me, i had developed an alcohol problem, not that i drank every day or even every weekend. But when i did, i became a different person, i would usuallly drink myself to sleep as well. My brother picked me up from a bar one night and while on his way i began to get robbed. I refused it and tried to buy time and ended up running to his car when he got there. Amped on on about 10 jack n cokes and the adrenaline of potentially dying, i flipped shit on my brother. Cursing him out, saying i didn’t need him, i could pay someone 20 dollars to do what he does, etc. it was awful. And it was the last straw for him. Within the next week or so he packed up, quit his job and went back home. 

I was heartbroken, but covered it up with anger. My other two room mates, if you can believe it, convinced me that i didn’t need him and that he held me back. I thought I’d be okay and he’d come back, i left our room exactly how he left it for months. He didn’t. 

This was the final nail in the coffin for my mental state to date. I spend every night analyzing the past, and i think I’ve learned that at first i created a whole identity to hating my father, then after that i created a whole identity around me and my brothers music career and once he was gone and to this second of typing it, I’m lost. I don’t know what to do. My personality feels like it’s splitting. Some days I’m this really cool extroverted ladies man guy and some days I’m a worm in my bed spending money he doesn’t have on post mates so he doesn’t have to leave the apartment. When i sit down and try to write music, i can, but i don’t feel it anymore. It’s the only skill i have. I didn’t go to a real college because of the deal, I’m not good at anything and I’m not interested in anything other than music. But there’s no inspiration left in me. Nothing really makes me happy anymore. I had a gf, nothing, broke up with her, nothing i have a new one, i miss her sometimes but for the most part nothing, i have written 6 new songs, nothing, i post a photo on Instagram, nothing, i go to work, nothing, i watch a movie, nothing. Everything just seems so pointless now, i don’t see myself as the star i once did. I don’t even believe myself when i sing, or have conversation with people. It’s like I’m watching the most boring movie about someone that i just don’t even care about. I just want him to die. I just want to stop wondering and working and fighting, i don’t want to do it anymore, and i was the relief of death. 

Idk what i expect from this but it was slightly therapeutic, thanks for listening.

Post 318: I'm gonna kms on Christmas
Content:
I made a previous post about how I'd commit if I had a gun but I've just had it. Everyone's an asshole to me, everybody always leaves me on read , and not to mention this dumbass virus. Between the virus and just people on my life I cant take it anymore. Sleep isnt sleep to me, it's just an escape. If I'm always sleeping I dont need to escape. Im choosing christmas as a final fuck you yo my shitty family. This will probly be my last post because I'm better off dead anyways so bye. And thanks for reading, stay strong

Edit: spelling

2nd edit: I posted upd8 for those who care :)

Post 319: My Arab Muslim mom just said to me that if abortion was permitted in islam she would aborted me
Content:
WTF? what kinda mother says this to her son

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Edit : plz don't waste your money on awards 

Post 320: I’m terrified of being a girl.
Content:
I’m a 14 year old girl who’s weaker than average, I’m thin and short.
I hate being a girl SO MUCH. More than anything. If one day I had proof of reincarnation, I’d kill myself and hope I come back as a boy.
I’m scared of men, I’m scared because men are stronger. I HATE that men are stronger. It’s the most humiliating thing. I hate being built for childbirth, I hate having a bigger chest and wider hips. It’s embarrassing. I want more than anything to be a boy. 
I look really feminine too, and I hate it so much. I’m seriously thinking about just ending it all.
I wish I was a boy so that I would be stronger, but also because I want to look like a boy and be treated like a boy and perceived like a boy. Being a teenage girl in this disgusting, misogynistic world is the most demeaning and humiliating thing ever. Knowing that I’m living off of peoples mercy.
I even have fantasies where I’m a boy and I look like a boy and I do things that I see my brother and father doing. In an ideal world, I’d be a man who loves and protects girls just like me so that they won’t have to feel this way. I want to fight and be strong, and everyone, including biologists, tell me I’ll never even compete to men, so I don’t even try. I don’t exercise, I don’t do anything. I’m severely depressed and anxious. I’m completely paranoid of the people around me, especially men. And It’s not just that, it’s that I want to BE a man just because I do. I want facial hair and a deep voice and thicker eyebrows and an Adam’s apple. I’m just so tired of this. I think I’m just going to end it all, because I can’t be a boy. I’ve gone through thinking about transitioning, but the world is so cruel and hateful towards trans people and I’m scared. The place I’m in has anti trans laws too. So I can’t be trans for my own safety. I’m just stuck being a girl. So it’s two choices:
Be a girl or die.

Edit:
Guys I’m sorry for gender stereotyping.
There isn’t an excuse for my behaviour.
I’m sorry to all the people who I’ve offended and I’m sorry for undermining transmen issues and trying to include myself in them when I don’t belong in that space. I feel like I was being overly dramatic this entire time and I’m sorry to everyone who I’ve caused worry to. Just because I’m sad does not mean I have the right to dump that on other people. I’m sorry everyone.
To everyone telling me to just go to a therapist or a professional, you’re right. It wasn’t right for me to throw my problems at a bunch of strangers.
I’ll call a helpline instead. Thank you for all the help and support.

Edit again:
Upon looking at these comments, I’ve come to the conclusion that being a guy sucks too. Being a girl also sucks. Being nonbinary also sucks. People will continue to hate me for the rest of my life no matter what I do. Based on my gender, but also my race. So I think I am going to kill myself.
I think in reality, I just hate being human, being a person. I hate existing. Maybe this didn’t have much to do with gender at all. I think maybe I just hate myself and everything else. I don’t want to be a girl, I don’t have to be a boy, I don’t want to be anything. The only thing I genuinely want to be is something disgusting. Something people won’t come near or bother. Like a corpse, or a vampire, or a maggot. I don’t like myself and I’m coming to realize I don’t like many people either. I really appreciate all your guy’s help and advice though.

Edit again again: please stop using she/her for me. I understand that it’s confusing because I referred to myself as a girl here, but I feel like I keep commenting and telling people and they don’t seem to listen? Maybe I’m looking too deep into it. But please don’t. Thank you.

Edit again again again: guys can we please stop being so hostile to each other? I didn’t mean for this post to have dozens of angry arguments and profanity under it.

Edit for the millionth time:
At first, when I posted this, I was just very depressed and upset. Now I’m angry.
I posted this to a SUICIDE subreddit looks for support, advice, conversation, or just a listening ear. But for some reason people are arguing with each other, being transphobic, calling other people names and even slurs?? Not to mention the amount of transphobic people trying to ‘defend’ me against the ‘trans agenda’ when I do not need defending of any sort, because I don’t want it. I’m fine. This was a post about how I’m experiencing a difficult time, not an invitation to harass others and deliberately speak over me and try to talk for me. Can we please just stop swearing at each other and attacking each other? This is honestly making me lose hope is society even further.

Edit again: guys stop talking about me getting pregnant. It’s really uncomfortable. I made this post to look for help and support. Instead I have lost faith in people and I’m honestly feeling worse. I’m 14, don’t pull that ‘oh but you might change your mind later’ because I don’t care. There are more reasons to me not being able to have a child that you guys don’t know about. I didn’t even mention pregnancy in this. I really wish people would stop bringing it up. I literally CANNOT be a mother, I’m too unstable and I can’t handle noise. I’m scared of children and I’m severely germaphobic. There are more reasons that I don’t want to list because this post is NOT about me getting pregnant! Stop. Please stop assuming you know me better than I know myself. I really REALLY don’t appreciate it. So stop.

Edit: I hate it here. I really thought that going on a suicide support subreddit would help me.
I know I said to ‘be respectful’ and ‘stop using profanity’ but fuck you guys. Not all of you guys, some of you are really sweet. But really. I’ve officially lost faith in the internet, strangers, and human nature. For some reason someone was talking about how ‘being a woman is an opportunity for me to be a stripper’??? What the fuck??? I’m 14, that’s literally the FIRST line of this post. But I can thank you all for something, thank you for reminding me why parents sometimes say ‘stranger danger’ because you guys are seriously pushing me closer to just ending it all—FOR AN ENTIRELY DIFFERENT REASON. Now I just want to kill myself because I hate the world AND myself. So thank you for that. I really appreciate it. And also, I KNOW people have it worse than me, okay? I don’t need a reminder 10x a fucking hour. I’m just so sick of this shit and I’m sick of people in general. I really hoped that this would be a nice supportive subreddit where people could maybe give me advice, and they did! But like half of the people here are literally just subtly encouraging me. 

Post 321: goodbye everyone i took an overdose it wont be long now
Content:
Edit: 

This is her older sister. She told me about 10 mins after this post.

She is going to be okay. She is in hospital now and drinking charcoal. Thank you so so for your concern.

Post 322: Being disabled has ruined my life
Content:
I’m pretty badly autistic, I have dyspraxia/dyslexia/dyscalculia, I have ADHD, I got the neurological full house when I was born it seems. My parents (divorced and separated) used to abuse me (independently of one another as they didn’t talk), it got to the point where my mom was trying to murder me for quite a while. This left me severely mentally I’ll. Boarderline personality disorder, skitzo-affective disorder, bipolar 1, and C-PTSD. I’ve been assessed 3 times so each doctor has a slightly different opinion, but those are the words they chose to diagnose me with. Irregardless of what they say, the symptoms are absolute hell. Delusions, rapid violent mood swings, auditory and visual hallucinations, I hear voices, fully immersive flash backs of my trauma, break downs, anxiety attacks, self-harm (I do it automatically in my sleep), night terrors, lack of self-control, black outs, lack of impulse control. I could go on. It has crippled my life. I have no job. No family. No friends. I have my dog and a collection of ant colonies. What kind of life is this? What kind of future do I have waiting for me? I get worse every year, how long does my mind have left? Will I ever find love? Will I ever have friends? I just don’t know. I don’t want to die, I just don’t want to be trapped inside of this system anymore. I worry that one day I won’t even be aware I’ve killed myself because I won’t have been present during the moment that event carries out. It’s a very strange fear to have to carry around - looking over your shoulder, looking for yourself. Some times I think death would be a mercy. I just don’t know what the future holds, all I know is that I’m trying. I’m trying to be a good person. I’m trying to be likeable. I’m trying to be funny. I’m trying to be loveable. I’m trying to be human. I’m trying to make something of myself. I just wish that I hadn’t been given Mt. Everest on my first Rodeo. 

Thank you for reading this, if you bothered to make it this far that is. I appreciate it. This was very cathartic.

Post 323: the plan
Content:
you take a nice shower. you put on your comfiest sweater and fuzzy socks. it’s the middle of the night, nice and dark and quiet. ideally it’s raining. you prepare your favourite meal. eat until you feel just right. pet the kitties goodbye... they were always there for you. dont cry. they will be loved by your relatives or other kind people of this world. 

you wrote out a note explaining everything. hand written, over and over. hell, it’ll never say it all but it gets the point across. they will get a glimpse into what you were thinking. no more frantic late night texts. no more of them pretending to care. no more troubling the ones you love the most. they’ll be sad at first but in time they’ll remember all the good things about you and thats what they’ll say... she was so sweet. her heart was too big for this world. she had so much potential. we all loved her so much. 

so you’ll tuck into bed, knowing all that. you’ll finally feel at peace. thankful. it’s over. no more pain. get extra comfy, cover up. put the gun to your head and pull the trigger. 

then perfect, sweet, sleep and silence forever. the only true thing that lasts forever in this world. death.

Post 324: I don't care if I'm loved if i can't feel it.
Content:
What if someone kept feeding you sugar or something saying it was good and so sweet and glorious but you had a phsyical issue that negated your sense of tasting sweetness? You never tasted the good, just the grainy painful shit like sand that never nourished.

That's how I feel when people say "don't go, you are loved."

I know I'm loved.

I know its sugar.

I can't feel it.

I can't taste it.

The only reason I stay alive when people say "you are loved" is GUILT. Isn't that fucked up? You're guilting me into suffering more because that makes you happy somehow? Either find a reason that makes sense to my brain or turn your back and let me fucking die already!

Post 325: Attempt failed. Currently in the hospital.
Content:
I tried I really did, but the second I took the pills I instantly regretted it. I called 911. In the ambulance is when I really noticed what I had done. And having the paramedics there to calm me down and help me was everything to me. I'm currently in the hospital. I can't leave my room unless it's to go to the bathroom. I can't even close my curtain to get privacy. They took every single cable and metal object out of the room. I'm in terrible pain. I didn't sleep at all last night. Hospital beds are the worse. I miss my bed and my dog :( 

Despite the dreary scene of the hospital the nurses and doctors have been nothing but nice and supportive. The nurse who drew my blood even drew a little smiley face on my bandaid to cheer me up a little. One nurse even gave me her number in case I ever need some support. I've never been treated so nicely by a group of strangers. Every single one of them giving me a different purpose to live. Thankfully I didn't ingest too much pills to damage my body too much. Just slight kinda damage but nothing life threatening. 

But this has made me realize a lot. Life really is worth living. No matter your situation. There are PLENTY of people who can be there for you. Every single nurse and doctor here gave me thousands of resources to help me. And this has given me the will to live. 

I should be getting out by Tuesday when a psychiatrist comes to mentally evaluate me and give me permission to leave. Until then I'm in a hospital room prison being watched over like a baby but it's good to know that there's people out there who truly care. 

To all the people considering suicide. Please don't do it. It's not worth it. I truly thought I had no one and my family wouldn't care. But seeing their crying faces when the ambulance took me away made me realize that even when you think you have no one you're wrong. The selfish decision I made will be in my mind forever but it gives me a reason to go on. We're all strong enough if we really try. 

Stay strong and reconsider your choice. 


EDIT: I didn't think my post would get so much attention, seeing as my other posts wouldn't get much. I'm sorry if I can't reply to all of the comments it's really a lot! However, thank you to all the kind people and positive messages. I'm glad to see my story is helping others as well. 

Post 326: You know that feeling when you're so sad you can physically feel the pain in your chest?
Content:
Does anyone else get that feeling when they think about dying?  
Like my body is aching desperately for relief.  
I'm homesick for the grave.

Post 327: Planning suicide is the only thing that makes me feel better anymore
Content:
The only thing that makes me excited anymore is planning my suicide at this point. Constantly being disappointed and frustrated about taking care of everyone around me while my feelings mean nothing to anyone makes me feel kind of empowered about the only thing I have control over. I understand it's not the right way to think and I always fended off these feelings saying it would pass. It hasn't for 27 years. I realized that I've thought about dying and wished for it since my first memory. I've been on medicine. I wasn't happy even when it worked. I just felt trapped. I don't want to keep waking up anymore. I don't want to feel like a disappointment to myself or anyone else anymore. Quarantine probably isn't tremendously helping things but I can't say I felt better before now either.

Post 328: Suicide is not irrational at all
Content:
Every day that I’m alive, I suffer

This is a pretty terrible way to live

So why is suicide seen as irrational?

Taking my life would solve all my problems, permanently 

Sounds pretty logical to me.

Post 329: GUILT TRIPPING IS NOT OK
Content:
I've been told all my life "Don't kill yourself you will hurt everyone else" " It's selfish" "Think about the people who have no choice" I fucking know that!!

 You don't think I know that I'm going to make people sad and hurt? Do you even care what I might be going through? 

DON'T TELL PEOPLE THAT IT'S SELFISH. THEY HAVE BEEN TRYING SO HARD. THEY JUST WANT THE PAIN TO END. 

That's all I want. It hurts too much. Stop telling me what I already know. I don't want to hurt anyone but I can't keep doing this shit

Post 330: People will say anything to keep you from killing yourself, even if it isn’t true
Content:
Because otherwise, they would feel bad. But that doesn’t mean I have to believe their lies

Post 331: This is it. My last night on this Earth.
Content:
I don't even know why I am doing this. At least someone can hear my story I guess. I am just some pathetic person who doesn't fit in. I have no place in this world anymore. The biggest thing that got to me the loneliness. I have not had a friend in almost 10 years. I've been single for the last 4 years. It's just me and that's it. Every single day. Therapy has failed me. Medication has failed me. I failed myself. I was dealt a bad hand in life and I want out. I just want people to know I wasn't a bad person. Note is written. The noose is tied. I just never fit in.

Post 332: Take A Second To Look Around..
Content:
Do it, just take a second to look through this sub and look at all the people struggling to find a reason to live. Some people are fighting their hardest against impossible odds, some people never had a chance, some are nihilistic and don't see any reason to live and some like me have hereditary depression. And who cares? Genuinely who cares? I've come on here just to rant and I'd bet any amount of money you who's reading this did the exact same. Everyone is self absorbed, the only people who care about you (if any) can't help. They have their own lives to live. They beg people with depression and who are suicidal to "talk" well who do we fucking talk to? I don't have the money for a fancy fucking therapist, I honestly don't just feel sorry for myself right now.. I feel sorry for mankind. Do you think in a tribe if someone is crying they walk past them and pretend they didn't see them? For whatever reason this 21st century, though being the safest and most peaceful time in all of history. Is also some on the most uncaring, sociopathic fucked up times in history. Well... maybe not. Maybe the world has always been fucked and we just have selective memory. 

No-one cares about you, no-one cares about me. I wish I could look out the window and see a fucking meteorite screeching towards Earth. I'm done, I really don't know how I am going to get through Christmas this year so I might as well leave a trail so my family don't blame themselves if I do something. I doubt I will, I'm a pussy and too scared. So I'll just sit in my misery, watch another year come and wonder how I will survive this new year coming.

Post 333: UPDATE THANK YOU, EVERYONE,​ WHO PUSHED ME TO LIVE!!!!!!!
Content:
 THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO HELPED!!!!!!!! so after posting this 28 days ago I wrote my Best friend who's out of state a suicide note and I closed my phone and social media and popped some pills and right then there was a knock at my door and it was the cops they took me to a psychiatric ward were I spent a few days a little over a week it felt like a month but I swear I meet some amazing people and my family and friends visited every day and now I'm on my medication and things are turning around a lot!!!!!! I'm moving out to my Best friend and taking a semester off to recoup from school I explained to my friend about the 1k and she wasn't sweating it she said my life was more important but long story short everything worked out I love you strangers and thank you for helping me\^\_\^!xoxoxox

Post 334: I am back :(
Content:
it’s me again. hello. i (17f) tried to ask my mom for therapy and she basically used money as a reason not to do it and screamed at me saying i had no reason to be depressed because i have no responsibilities or children. she then went on to say that only stupid people commit suicide and that i must be “very free” if i can “afford” to be depressed all the time. she said a bunch of horrible stuff after that and it ended up with her being the victim (she said i was making her feel like a bad mother by being suicidal, which honestly she is) and crying and me being left alone to deal with everything by myself. 

i think i just kind of need comfort right now idk what to do anymore. i at least hoped my mother would care enough about my mental health to send me to therapy but i was once again proven wrong

Post 335: You ever just feel sad and want to write a huge rant but you can’t come up with the energy or the words?
Content:
Haha yeah

Post 336: ADHD is not a fucking joke. It's not quirky, it's not funny and it's not something I want.
Content:
I'm sick to fucking death of my inability to not be able to WORK. I can't apply myself. At least not anymore. I used to BETTER, but not that great. I used to be so creative in school. Creativity used to be my escape. Now it's my job. I've got to do it. I've got to practise because it's a competitive world out there. And I can't. I can't compete. I want to compete, I know I could IF I could, but I can't. And I can't explain why the fuck I can't.  There are people in my work that it comes so effortlessly just to be able to sit down and focus on something they don't want to. I want to fulfill my dreams but I have no confidence anymore. I need help. I don't know what I'm meant to do.

Post 337: Please don't judge me
Content:
I'm 15. My parents love me. I just don't like existing. I feel very empty and sad. I hate school. I hate the fact that my future will be bad without school or stupid exams. I don't want to pay taxes. I don't want exams. I just want peace. Please tell me a painless and easy way to die.

Post 338: I take reassurance in the fact I can kill my self if things get too bad
Content:
I guess I’m sort of at peace with the idea now. It’s strangely given me a tranquility to life and made me not worry, as if things get too bad I can just end it.

Post 339: found and performed cpr on dead friend/looking for help
Content:
I found my best friend dead from hanging herself just under 3 weeks ago now, I called the ambulance and untied her and gave her CPR for 12-14 minutes before anyone showed up. They ended up working on her for 60-90 minutes and got a faint heart beat back and she was put into an induced coma. I had to call her boyfriend and ex/best friend and we all spent the night in the ICU. I spent a week in shock, meeting her parents who flew in from interstate. Her father thanked me for giving them the opportunity to say goodbye to her. For the first  6 days it seemed there was such a low chance of her making any kind of recovery that we were just waiting for her family to decide to withdraw life support. I had begun grieving, although I was by her bed most days and evenings brushing her hair talking to her and reading to her from our favorite poetry books. On about day 6/7 they decided to take her off sedation and see what would happen and she ended up opening her eyes in front of me for the first time. It was a miracle, and it was also the saddest part reflectively of the entire experience. All she could do was lay and sob. I spent a few days with her like this. I would talk to her and I knew she could hear me because there would be certain things she would cry about and then certain things I would say would calm her back down. It was so incredibly painful. I was convinced over these days I had ruined her life by doing what I did. She was dead when I found her and that I had brought her back to a life of hell. It was my worst fear that she would stay in that state forever, I just couldn’t wrap my head around how incredibly unjust that would be. She ended up within 24 hours of having her breathing tube taken out and her sedation completely ceased able to start breathing on her own, speaking a little and even started moving. It’s all been so surreal. Now that shock has worn off I’m having constant flash backs and panic attacks. I have constant invasive thoughts of killing my self. It’s so painful. I truly want to die, I feel so conflicted and invisible. Because she is recovering our mutual friends almost have forgotten just how traumatic this experience has been for her first and foremost (and realistically this is only just the beginning of a very painful road for her...) and traumatised I am from finding her, untying her, giving her cpr while I knew she was dead, cleaning the blood off the door she was hanging from, and spending 2 straight weeks by her side through every single state in ICU. I even moisturised her arms and legs so her scars would heal properly because nobody was doing it for her. I’m so heart broken. I want to die. I feel invisible and I don’t know where to put my pain. I have nobody because it’s too heavy for anyone to deal with, and all our mutual friends just want to focus on the positives that she is recovering which I understand but it’s like they don’t understand that she hung herself. I’m traumatised for life, and her life is changed for ever even if she does make a full recovery which who knows—she’s still very brain damaged and doesn’t even know what’s happened to Her. I have never posted before, I don’t know anyone who’s had any kind of similar experience. It’s so layered and I have a 11 year history of self harm and drug use, both of which I had recovered from, years since I have self harmed and 3 months since I have used drugs or alcohol, but all I want to do is hurt myself in anyway I can.

Edit: she had hung herself on the back of her door, so by opening her bedroom door that’s how she was released from hanging. I called 000 immediately as I untied the belt from her neck and checked if she was breathing or had a heart beat. All I did was find her and untie her and try wake her up realise she was very obviously dead/not conscious and call 000 and then do what they told me to until anyone arrived because I was in so much shock I was just doing what they were telling me to, even when the woman was like you need to somehow get into that room and I had to kick her desk back and squeeze my way into her bedroom I had no idea why the woman was saying she needed to be laid out flat on her back until all of a sudden the woman was telling me to give her mouth to mouth then I realised I was about to do CPR. I was screaming and crying why are you making me do this she’s dead the entire time and the woman just kept saying I know *my name* but just keep helping her until help gets there. So I did

Post 340: Anyone else surprised they survived through 2018?
Content:
I’m surprised. How the fuck did I do it? I think about suicide almost every day but I did it. 

Post 341: I jumped in front of a subway train a month ago
Content:
I'm still alive. I'm missing a leg and went into a coma for three weeks. It can truly always get worse, never think otherwise.

Not sure why I'm posting this. Just want to tell people to be careful with how they choose to unalive. The permanent damage isn't worth it.

Proof since some people think I'm lying, don't mind the dirty laptop:

https://pasteboard.co/ZKxvaCwo70PB.jpg

Post 342: Fantasising about being saved.
Content:
I often daydream about trying to jump off a bridge and having someone grab me from the edge, hold me tight and tell me it will be okay.
 
We all want what we can’t have, I guess.

Post 343: People are sick
Content:
I’ve been “holding on” for 10 years and people just keep telling me “please just hang on a little longer”. No, you’re fucking sick for making me stay alive that long in pain and you just want me to suffer even more. You don’t truly care about me and never will.

Post 344: I don't want to die but I wouldn't mind if I die.
Content:
I don't want to die but sometimes I just wish to sleep and not wake up, or die in car crash and better if someone kill me. I think about ny death every night and sometimes I just feel like I am too curious about death or what will happen after it.

Anyone else feels same way ?

Post 345: I finally told my husband how I’ve been struggling recently and...
Content:
...he said, “Well, just go find something else to do.  I mean, I’ve watched you become more and more withdrawn and isolating yourself from the outside world.  Just go find a group of people to be around.  Maybe that’ll help.”

Jesus fucking Christ.  I wish it was that easy.

Post 346: What is it called when you're not suicidal, but don't care anymore?
Content:
More specifically the instance where you don't want to pull the trigger, but you engage in risky behavior that could lead to death?

Post 347: i kind of want to fail a suicide attempt just to show people that im struggling
Content:
i know this is fucked up, but i feel like no one cares about me, no matter what i do or say. no one ever worries about me, no one ever notices my cries for help. i just feel like the only way to make them notice how shitty im actually doing is by doing something drastic like this. but then again, would anyone even care?

Post 348: Today is 4 years since I shot myself
Content:
4 years ago in the midst of psychotic breakdown I sat in my driveway at 7am July 31st 2017 with gun to my temple, cocked and loaded. I put it towards my thigh at the last moment pulled the trigger and a 9mm defense round went through my thigh. I spent 2 weeks in emergency then 3 weeks in psych. 4 years later I'm still here. Got a nice scar on my right thigh. My mental health has been suffering bad this year dealing with an injury for 6 months from broken bones in ankle and a completely shredded ligament.  I get surgery on it in a couple weeks. I went to bed last night telling myself if I woke up sad I'd finish what I started 4 yrs ago. But I'm still here. My cat is curled up next to my injured ankle and I'm trying to be strong. Trauma memories get the best of me this time of year from a lifetime of abuse but I'm thankful for the positive people I do have in my life. I'm thankful for my cat. I'm still here. For today. I'm here.


Edited for misspelling *
Edited again to add this = I shot my thigh because I had to feel something but something made me not shoot my temple so the thigh made sense to me at the time. Like I had to use the weapon on myself that I needed to feel it. It's too much to type to try to explain it. Therapist is helping me try to make sense of it. That numbness and need for pain stems from years of abuse ad well as self harm. I can show pic if necessary for those who doubt. It is a tw though.

Post 349: tomorrow i’m going to admit myself to a psych ward.
Content:
i messaged my friend’s mom, ashley, today. i asked her to drive me to the er because i know that if i last another week in my home or at school i’m going to a.) lay on my town’s train tracks until i get crushed, or b.) shoot myself in the head with my dad’s shotgun. 

ashley is my last hope because my dad, grandma, and sister refused to take me and see what help i could get from a new place. they constantly tell me that i’m not crazy or suicidal and it’s for attention, but at this point i’d have no remorse if i just ran into oncoming traffic.

ashley instructed me to stay home today, and not go out or cut myself. i will follow through this because i’m desperate. i’m so desperate for help. i just want help and nobody will give it to me except for ashley. she is my savior. 

i’m not sure if i’ll have a bed or if the hospital i go to will be any good, but we’ll see.

Post 350: I AM DEFINITELY GOING TO STAB MY STOMACH AND JUST BLEED IN BED MY HEAD CANT TAKE IT ANYMORE EVERYDAY IS GETTING WORSE FOR ME IM SORRY TO EVERYONE I REALLY AM
Content:
Update

Post 351: i was raped
Content:
i cant feel anything, im numb. my best friend raped me on saturday. i feel like i did something wrong. i dont deserve to live. im just a slut. i should just kms already

Post 352: My students are the only thing keeping me alive
Content:
I teach elementary school, and I know how traumatic it could be for them. I feel so hopeless but they are one of the only things giving me any sort of hope right now.

Edit: WOW you all are so kind. Thank you all so much.

Post 353: My brother killed himself 3 years ago, and now I'm older than he was
Content:
And I just can't stop thinking that the motherfucker stole my chance. Now I can't make my family go through this once again. I have already made them suffer a lot. Maybe I deserve a little hell on earth before I can send myself to hell.

Post 354: My mom is screaming about how she wish I was never born downstairs
Content:
The past few days have been an absolute nightmare. My aunt (my mom's sister) is visiting the week or so, and she rarely visits because of how far away she lives. She's super rich and difficult to please, and my family isn't terribly poor but we're low income and a wreck. 

I recently went to the doctor for my mental health issues, I never tell them I'm suicidal because I know what'll happen if I even mention suicidal thoughts. I've been on two different medications for the past few months and neither of them seem to produce any affect. 

My sister who used to abuse me severely as a kid came over the other day, we're both adults now and I think we get along okay, I never really talk to her. Shes kind of psychotic and paranoid beyond fuck, I think she may have schizophrenia or something fucked. But she came in and she said to me, "OK OP WE ALL KNOW I DID TERRIBLE STUFF TO YOU AS A KID BUT IF YOU COULD PLEASE STOP TELLING EVERYONE ABOUT IT THAT WOULD BE COOL. STOP MAKING ME FEEL LIKE SHIT." And she went on and on about how I was telling everyone just to turn on her and what not. When I do open up about what she did to me as a kid, in the rare times that I do, I only mention things really briefly and I never say things like, "she did this horrible thing now go attack her about it." I just say what happened and that's it. My dad was sitting in the room, and my dad has older siblings and she was like, "DAD YOU HAVE OLDER SIBLINGS, IM SURE THEY DID SHITTY THINGS TO YOU AS A KID, BUT YOU NEVER WENT OUT OF YOUR WAY TO MAKE THEM FEEL LIKE SHIT ABOUT IT." 

Now to top it all off, its my mom's birthday today. And the house is a wreck as usual because she refuses to ever clean. I stay in my room 24/7 and never really clean down there because none of it is my mess, its 90% my mom's own messes, mixed with kids. And my dad came in this morning and woke me up and said, "do you think you could help mom clean today? It's her birthday." And I said yeah, and went back to sleep cause it's still morning and we have all day. I was awoken by my mom downstairs at 8 am screeching demonically and throwing stuff and screaming about how much she hates her life, she hates the kids, she hates that I'm a loser who stays in her room all day, she wished I was never born, and a lot of other hurtful and hateful things.

If I didnt have more of a reason to end my life then idk what would be. 

I'm scared to go down there, I was gonna help her clean today but I really dont want to now, birthday or not. 

I'm not sure what I'm gonna do. I havent cut myself in a long time and it is really tempting right now to brutally injure myself and or kill myself. I wish we had a gun.

Post 355: Too much of a pussy to kill myself
Content:
Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me.

Post 356: Fuck society
Content:
Good people get treated like trash and get shit on until they break

Post 357: never sharing suicidal thoughts with anyone
Content:
whenever i do, someone just fucking has to make it about themselves. “if you die i’ll be so sad” or “if you choose to die you should let your friends know about your decision if you’re so sure”.

you think you’re doing something? you’re not doing anything useful. stop making me feel like i’m a shit person for being abused and being mentally ill. fuck you. fuck anyone who has ever guilt tripped a suicidal person like this.

up: keep in mind that before telling someone to get professional help that it’s a privilege to afford a therapist. im unable to do so, and so many other people. just telling someone to go to therapist doesn’t make person feel better as you think it does.

Post 358: I live because i have cat
Content:
My older sister go on vacation trip and left in house her cat. That's the only reason i didn't kill myslef yet.

Post 359: Being lonely IS enough to kill you
Content:
If fucking sugar gliders can die from loneliness, if a rodent has a range of emotions large enough to feel that, so can I. 

Im not just being emo. Im not a teenager anymore, so it can’t be just hormones. 

Im trying so hard, I really am. I’m taking meds, I exercise, I stand in the sun, I take care of my appearance and responsibilities. 

The only thing left is that I’m alone. I used to not notice, I used to be numb because I didn’t know what it was like to have friends. But I’ve gotten a taste, and loosing it, realizing that what I thought was friendship was pity...

I can’t do this anymore. I can’t. It hurts to be alone. It hurts to not be wanted.

Post 360: Do you ever go to sleep early wishing you never wake up?
Content:
I have been doing that every night for the past weeks, I try to sleep early thinking and wishing that will be the last time I will be awake.

Post 361: My brain is absolutely fucking destroyed from years of porn consumption and maladaptive daydreaming
Content:
I cant anymore,  my brain is never clear,  I'm going through life in a fog. If I'm not daydreaming,  its erotica,  if it's not either , I'm asleep. all day round. even when I study or do chores I'm just waiting for my next fix. I wanna kill myself rn lol, I didnt realise how bad it was till I got called out















edit : guys I actually completely cut out stuff like pornhub a while ago, I ended up replacing it with erotica, like smutty novels and honestly my addiction got worse. I'm also a lesbian btw not a straight guy😭

Post 362: i dont want to kill myself but i see no other future other than me killing myself
Content:
i know it sounds weird, some people die of heart attacks, other suffer years of battle from cancer i see myself killing myself at some point, its like a vision that i have and it doesn't go away, almost like its my fate.

Post 363: My best friend killed himself
Content:
He was 24. We met when we were teenagers. We were in a romantic relationship for a while, broke up, and then decided to stay friends. He was the only person I could confide in. He faced a couple of setbacks and had a few shitty days and 2 months ago, killed himself. I woke up to a call from his boss saying he didn't show up to work (I was his emergency contact, that's how close we were). I went to his house and found him dead. I wont say what method he used. We were gonna move in together. Now I'm alone, I have no friends who I can talk about deep stuff with like I could with him. I saw how he did it and I want to copy him. I can't live the rest of my life with this feeling. I go on the suicide bereavement subreddit every day and see the pain that people are still in 10, 20 years on. I found comfort in knowing there are others who relate at first but now, it doesn't make me feel anything. I feel hopeless. I hated this world anyway even before this happened. It was me and him against the stupid culture we live in. Now I'm alone and I'm going to kill myself too.

Post 364: I'm sorry Mommy
Content:
I am not at risk of killing myself so please conserve your emotional energy for someone who needs it more than me.

I'm 25 fucking years old but tonight I'm crying to my Mommy (who is not here) to make the pain go away.

&#x200B;

*I'm so sorry, Mom. I'm so sorry I can't be what you want me to be. I know you've worked so hard for me to be happy. I know my happiness is what you want more than anything. I know you would do anything, that you've worked so hard, sacrificed so much, to see me thrive. I'm so sorry I can't give that to you. I am trying so hard. I've tried so hard for so long. But I'm tired, Mommy. If I knew how, I would do it. I would do anything. I would do it all for you. To give you what you want most in the world, for your little girl to be happy. But I'm so tired Mommy. I won't give up, but I feel like I might just die trying. I'm so tired. I've worked so hard. But it hurts so much. It hurts so much. I don't know how to be better. I don't know how to be different. I don't want to hate myself, but I don't know how to be any other way. I would do anything to be happy for you. I am doing everything I can. I am working so hard. But I'm so tired. I'm so tired. I'm so sorry, Mommy. I know this isn't what you want. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry I can't be what you want me to be. I wish I could give it to you. I don't think I ever will. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry, Mommy.*

EDIT: thank you all for the outpouring of support. I am so sorry that so many people can relate. Wanted to clarify that my mom is still alive, just literally not here with me. I know a lot of you are missing and mourning for your moms, and I don't want anyone to feel mislead. 

Post 365: I’ve been told to “hang in there,” for 30 years now.
Content:
I am going to attach a note to my noose that says just that, “hang in there!” For a post mortem laugh if nothing else. Lol, makes me laugh.

Post 366: I feel like my default mood is suicidal
Content:
I’ve been suicidal for about half my life. I just turned 29. My mum died of cancer several years ago. We had a very strained relationship. My dad is bipolar with borderline personality disorder, I haven’t talked to him since he tried to attack me shortly after Mum died. I have one older brother. He witnessed and contributed to the abuse I dealt with.

I was half way through my uni degree when Mum died. I’ve tried to finish several times and always flunk out. I owe thousands for a degree I’ll never get.
I live in a rundown apartment, the best I can afford on my minimum wage job. 
I have no friends, my boyfriend dumped me citing my panic attacks a the straw that broke the camels back.
I don’t want to live. I’ve tried medications, meditation, exercise etc. 

I always end up in the same place. I am alone and unloved. The only thing keeping me here was the one person who loved me. I’ve reached out to everyone I thought would care if I died. No one responded. I have a few days off from work. I’m going to clean the apartment and write my notes. There is nothing keeping me here.

If you’ve read this much, I thank you. That is more care than anyone has given me in a long time.

Post 367: Thinking about suicide comforts me.
Content:
In the last 3-4 years, I started to have suicidal ideations.  I am an alcoholic, have ADHD, and have pretty much ruined my life in every aspect.  The alcohol is the only thing I truly enjoy.   I'm 44 now and have accepted that I will not be able to get married and raise a family.   I can't keep a job or a relationship long enough.  I am bankrupt.  I can only get low-paying menial jobs that I get sick of very quick.  

I will either drink myself to death or jump off a bridge before my 50th birthday.   When I think about my fate, I am comforted.  I don't have to live in my personal hell if I don't want to.  Knowing I can end things on my terms whenever I decide brings relief. 

Anyone else feel better when they think about suicide?

Post 368: I know no one will read this
Content:
I can’t take this world anymore I’m too sensitive and it’s not for me. 
I can’t be like “normal” people. I see the world differently. I’ve had a sad life and I see no point in it for me anymore. I’m not feeling “sorry for myself”. I’ve had all the help and support and I still think the same. 
My mother abused me. My brother raped me growing up. My dad has several serious life threatening illnesses and recently had his leg amputated. 
My brother killed himself last year. I have delusions against my boyfriend which damages our relationship. 
I’ve had counselling since I was five. I’ve been on many different antidepressants since I was 11. 
I’m a lost cause. I’m a waste of space. I’m useless. I get angry to the point I want to hurt people. I hate humans and this society. The NHS is a failure. This world is fucked and people complain yet don’t make any change. The human race is deluded with hate and greed. I don’t feel like I want to be a human. My conscious isn’t even apart of my body. 

Edit: I didn’t expect so much love and support. I have read every single comment and I will use them to keep me going. I am so grateful, I love you all.

Post 369: Anyone else’s suicidal thoughts get triggered by the smallest things?
Content:
i don’t even want to write out the small things that happen because they sound so stupid when i look back on them, but 9 times out of 10 they just result in me crying and wanting to die maybe im just weak and pathetic

Post 370: The only thing keeping me from killing myself is watching other people do it
Content:
Usually people shooting themselves. Its how i would decide to do it. Painless and reliable. But when I watch someone do it I get very sad. I don't want that to be me. Nothing anyone says or does helps. watching suicides helps me grasp the reality of them. I imagine myself in their place. it makes me want to keep going a tiny bit. I hope thats not terrible of me. I just wanted to tell someone this.

edit: im doing so much better now. thank you all for the support. i really hope you all get better too

Post 371: I’m a quiet person that not good at socializing. The world reminds me everyday that I’m not wanted.
Content:
I keep thinking about my life and it’s experiences. I have been the quiet kid turned into an equally quiet adult. Throughout my life, I have been ostracized and excluded and hated for being quiet. I almost lost a job because of it. I am constantly courteous to everyone but it’s not enough. It’s daunting having to engage in mindless chatter.

Everyday, I’m reminded about how entirely useless I am and I just want it to end. Socially, I’m inept and I don’t want to live anymore. The reminders are too much.

Post 372: Having to go to work every day when you don’t even enjoy being alive is the greatest scam ever.
Content:
We all hate work. Working when you are depressed and suicidal is its own form of torture.

Post 373: "This is not acceptable behavior. Talk to me when you calm down."
Content:
Nice excuse.

Post 374: PLEASE FUCKING KILL ME
Content:
SOMETHIGN ANYTHING, I HAVE TOO MANY BURDONS HOLDING ME BACK FROM DOING IT MYSELF, ANYTHING, BAD COVID CASE, CAR CASH, CANCER, CHOKING AND DYING, JUST FUCKING ANYTHING BECAUSE HOLY SHIT I CANT HANDLE IT ANYMORE

please

Post 375: A final goodbye
Content:
This Reddit post will be my last
Thank you to this community, the support was so vast

I don't how
Or where I will go

Life's so confusing
I don't even know

I might be alive
Or not after this

All that I know
Is the people I will miss

I'm sorry if anyone feels guilty after this
But please do not, that is my final wish

So thank you to everyone, for reading my final goodbye,
You've helped me through the toughest of times, but now I might as well go off to die.




Edit: So I recieve my first ever award because this week was one of the worst I've ever felt? Anyway, thank you to whoever sent it!




Edit 2:

So after finishing school,
There was another wave.

Oh so much support,
I then undug my grave.

Thank you to everyone who helped me,
Through one of my darkest days.

If you weren't here, I wouldn't be either,
So thank you all for being so eager...

Just to help me :)

Post 376: My gf made an attempt
Content:
She has had the toughest life of anyone I've ever known, and yet she's the kindest, most loving person I've ever known. We fit together in so many ways we've never come close to before. We make each other feel normal when the rest of the world does the opposite.

Recently, her anxiety skyrocketed, and she had been a bit more receptive to discussing getting some help (past trauma included incidents related to therapy and psych treatment). I asked again Wednesday night when she started getting antsy again after a calm, positive day. She said she would "get there," she would be ready soon.

Her anxiety spiked a little later that night, and she got upset with me over a very minor misunderstanding. It threw me at first, but I realized it was her anxiety talking and did what I could to help her calm down. The anxiety didn't seem as bad at it had been in nights leading up to that.

We snuggled up in bed and went to sleep. I woke up in the night and noticed she was very tightly holding onto me. She didn't move much when I got up, just kinda rolled over. Same thing when I came back to bed.

I got up for work later, and she apologized for being mean the night before. I apologized for not realizing what was going on at first. Nothing seemed amiss, but she's tough, and mornings are hectic.

She sent the usual sweet message while I was on my way in. Then right after my work day started (and she knew I couldn't get messages for a while), she messaged that she needed to be committed. When I got the message, I asked if she was in danger and messaged our trusted friends near the house. She had reached out to them already, and they were there.

They took her to the ER, she went from there to inpatient.

She took 2500 mg of benadryl. I'm not sure how she woke up. She didn't mean to wake up.

The misunderstanding and everything happened later the night before, and she took the pills before that.

Anyway. She has been receiving inpatient treatment for a couple days. She just got cleared to receive the clothes I dropped off her first night in there. She got a fork at dinner tonight.

We've been able to talk a handful of times. She sounds better and more hopeful each time. I'm so proud of her for finally agreeing to get the help she needs, and I cannot fathom how hard this is for her.

Due to COVID restrictions, no one can have visitors, so she has short phone calls, and she has the photos and books I dropped off. And she has time. She is doing the work and going to sessions and everything (confirmed by her nurses). She is feeling hopeful. She said she was really happy about today.

I'm so glad she's getting help. I know she's in good hands. The facility she's at is local, and I have friends who gave family who've been greatly helped by then, too. I'm also feeling lost being less than a mile from her but unable to give her a hug or even look into her eyes.

We have a small but tight support network of friends, and I don't feel like harming myself. I just don't feel like doing anything other than calling her. 

Sorry if this is the wrong sub. I looked a bit and couldn't find a better fit, and I needed to get this out there.

Update: I just got word that she's been cleared to come home. She has medications to be picked up at the pharmacy, and she has follow up sessions scheduled.

I can't thank you all enough for the kindness and support you've sent our way here. Each night of this has been rough, but last night felt particularly miry. I posted here because, although I have good friends whom I can talk to admit this, and who came through the other day and got her to help while I was gone, I felt a need to just say the story to people who didn't know, who don't know, what was going on or don't know us, etc.

I am so happy she is coming home, and I am so hopeful for the future. I know the struggle is not over, and it's one that will likely go on as long as we're alive (just like my own struggles with mental health), but I am supremely optimistic at the change in her demeanor and her willingness to continue on the path to health and happiness. Together.

Thank you. As silly as it will seem to some people, your comments, messages, and everything have really helped.

Post 377: i tried coming out to my mom
Content:
i told her i am ftm. she called me a fucking dyke and disgusting. i feel so bad about myself now. she even blamed the internet for me feeling like this even though ive had gender dysphoria since i was 4. im probably going to kill myself one day bc no one will except me for who i am. you can continue scrolling now.

Post 378: I am the kid that tries to join your friend group but fails. I am the kid that can’t take a hint. I am the kid that no one likes. I am the weird kid. I want to die.
Content:
So I have always been that weird kid who kinda tries to join a friend group and they hint they don’t like you but your motivated to join anyways. I’m super weird. Everyone thinks I’m annoying. And it goes much deeper than that. Yes. There are some parts of my life such as family that I’m lucky for. But I just wish I was with different people. I want to die. Why was I put on this world if my only purpose was to be called names, bullied, have no friends, and be the most annoying person on planet earth. Why did they do this. Please help me. I’m so tired of me giving in and asking to be invited to things and trying to be friends but they won’t give back. I have tried with everyone. I’m tired and crying. And I don’t wanna die before 16 but I think I should. I don’t know what to do and I’m crying as I write this. Why. Why

Post 379: Being born ugly sets you up to fail
Content:
They say looks don’t matter, but unfortunately that isn’t true. For some of us, the amount of grooming, styling and exercising we do just can’t fix bad genes. While adults may not judge someone on face value if they are unattractive, being made fun of as a kid leads to a chain of effects

Get made fun for appearance as a kid/teen...

Don’t have anyone to hang with...

Shattered confidence...

Staying home on weekends and not talking much during school...

Not developing social skills...

Being socially inept as an adult

Most of my quirks are in my bone structure so it would take some serious plastic surgery to address them. I’m so angry at myself for skipping on an opportunity to fix a very big flaw with my appearance 5 years ago because some yes-men convinced me I was okay. I’m not.

Post 380: "She didn't shower for two weeks" made my class gasp.
Content:
We were watching a documentary of suicide survivors in our health class and that line freaked everyone out, including one pretty vocal "eww". It's like they found that more shocking than the actual attempt. There's so much ignorance in regards to what depression actually looks like and it makes me so mad and frustrated.

Post 381: Porn addiction has made me suicidal.
Content:
I've been addicted to pornography ever since I was nine years old. Every single fucking day, ever since I was a kid, I've been watching this filth for hours on end. I've had periods in my life where I've tried my very best to curb this addiction and get better, but everytime I make the slightest progress, I fall back into it, even worse than I was before.

I neglect my responsibilities. I don't do things that I have a deadline for, because I'm busy watching porn. I don't talk to my friends or family that much, because I'm busy watching porn. I don't workout anywhere near as much as I used to, because I'm busy watching porn. I don't do the things that I used to love doing, because I'm busy watching porn.

My fetishes get steadily more and more depraved. When I was a kid, I used to watch softcore, vanilla stuff. Now, I watch things that I legitimately cannot say. It makes me hate myself so fucking much. Whenever I finish, I feel like driving a knife in my aorta, or slitting my throat.

The absolute worst part of it all is that nobody believes this is a real addiction. Tell a person that you're addicted to alcohol, and they'll believe you. You have a heroin addiction? Oh, you poor soul! We can help you with that. But if you say: "I have a porn addiction", people'll tell you that it isn't real. Sure. It's not real. I want to kill myself for no fucking reason.

Please, tell me I'm not the only one.

Post 382: Being suicidal but knowing you dont have the guts to do it is the worst feeling
Content:
I'm just trapped

I know theres no way to fix myself but I cant say fuck it and do it

Post 383: i hate you
Content:
the amount of creeps on this site who try to use me when they find out i'm a girl and underage ur what makes me want to do it the most youre my tipping point you're disgusting i hate you i hate you i'm a child in a child i can't do this anymore please can someone hug me i'm in indescribable pain rn

Post 384: I fucking hate people
Content:
It makes me want to kill myself to spite everyone

Post 385: I just swallowed 1000mg of Duloxetine
Content:
This may be it, I’m going to sleep now

edit: at the hospital now, thank you

Post 386: I tried to kill myself but survived and no one knows
Content:
January  8th 2020 I was driving home listening to Amy Winehouse and decided that this was my time. It was on a windy, empty country road, late at night, in torrential rain- accidents happened there all the time. I had just finished having dinner with my housemate at University and was on my way to my hometown to see my family. No one would suspect a thing. I closed my eyes, let go of the steering wheel and put my foot down. 

When I opened my eyes my vision was blurred, but I could see that my windshield had caved in. I proceeded to crawl out across the passenger seat, opening the door with my elbow as hands were covered in shards of glass. There was no shock, no confusion. I felt a small sense of relief that I wasn’t paralysed, and a bigger sense of relief that I hadn‘t hit anyone else. But other than that, I still felt just as dead inside as I had prior to the crash.

I went through the motions. Strangers came to my aid, followed shortly by the paramedics and later my parents. I laughed and smiled through it, cracking jokes about ordering my preferred cocktail of pain relief and apologising for keeping everyone up so late. I had just survived a near fatal car crash and already the guilt and shame of everyone worrying about me was kicking in.

I had aquaplaned across the road, accelerating into a hedge, before flipping my 2004 corsa four times, knocking down a row of silver birches in the process and spinning 20m down the country lane. I had landed upright but the roof of the car had moulded around my headrest. I’m only 5’2”, if I was a couple of inches taller my head would have been caved in. I should have been dead. 

Instead, I spent a week in hospital lying on my back, completely immobilised, awaiting my C7 spinal surgery. Post-surgery, my doctor told me he’d seen MRI scans like mine where the patient had already been paralysed, so I guess the fact that I walked out of hospital after 9 days with Just a neck brace was a silver lining. 

Since then I‘ve carried on keeping up appearances. Things have changed, some for the better, some for the worse. For a while, my frustration that I had survived was outweighed by my relief that I wasn’t paralysed, and in truth that is still the case. But my fear of putting my family through something like that again is starting to wear off. It‘s a constant fight between my happiness and their grief. What’s more important? Should I continue to suffer silently in a world where I feel completely lost and alone, just to postpone their mourning for what will eventually happen anyway?

Post 387: I am the comedian
Content:
I am the one who everybody says makes them smile. I make people laugh. I build them up. I reinforce positivity. I shine a bright light on every person I encounter. I’ve been called “the happiest guy at (company name)”. I love giving compliments.

Why? Because I know how it feels to need to hear those things.

I am the one, who once the adrenaline of building up others dies down, is in the darkest place. I laugh, I joke, I praise, I do what I do because I want no others to feel the way I do. But if only they knew...

Post 388: I can't take this fake fucking positivity shit of "it gets better" and "you're gonna make it"
Content:
I'm so fucking sick of it. I am not. I struggle EVERYDAY to not have a fucking mental breakdown. NO ONE FUCKING UNDERSTANDS. I am so over this and ending it is inevitable for me..i wanna go before christmas.

Post 389: Thanks reddit
Content:
Thanks to everyone who gave support

Because of you I didnt kill myself

Post 390: Anything goes wrong, I immediately think of suicide
Content:
That’s my default solution to any problem that arises. I’d rather die than deal with any more negative shit. I can’t handle stress, I can’t handle being alone, I can’t handle being around people, I can’t handle work, I can’t handle laying in bed all day. I just don’t want this. I don’t want to live and all I think about is finishing up with it. I just want my family and friends to say it’s ok, that I can go and they won’t be sad. I’m fortunate to have people that love and care about me but I’m just too tired to live. 
All I can think of is blowing my brains out. The idea of it is a relief. I can’t get a gun out here but even if I did I think that I’d be scared of the violence of it. I wonder if that means I don’t actually wanna die? I’d probably resort to swallowing my 6 months worth of antidepressants and xanax. Would that do the job? I also don’t wanna just get sick and then have to live my life in a worse state than before.

Post 391: Failed suicide attempt
Content:
Yesterday I clean my house, packed my bag with robe and went into the woods. I arrived there at 10pm and smoked a few sigartes and listened to the animal noises. I prepared my rope and let myself drop. The first minute was peacefull but then I started having a panic attack and started seeing all blurry and my hearing went away. If I didn't have my pocket knife to cut the rope I was gone. But I was to much of a coward and cut it. Some people know like my father but they don't care. I really need a hug. I haven't heard or seen someone familiar in the past 2months. I really grave love, understanding, kidness, a hand, a shoulder. I am so lonely. I don't understand that people don't care what happened yesterday I don't. Am I this bad of a person? U don't think so I'm just mentally unstable. Anyone from Belgium whom wants to be my friend? I don't  want to be pathetic but I'm so lonely I miss love so much. I'm going to stop now I don't want to cry ;) thanks in advance for the people reading this.

Post 392: I pray every night that I don’t wake up in the morning
Content:
Bout to go to bed hopefully this is the night it all ends

Post 393: Killing yourself is selfish.
Content:
That’s what most people would say. But do those people know what you struggle with on a daily basis? How hard it is to get out of bed? How hard it is to look into a mirror? How much pain they have been through? It isn’t fair. I give nothing but love and I get shit in return. I feel as if life isn’t right for me. I know I’d hurt people if I were to die. My mother would be destroyed the most but secretly does she know her child is already dying inside? That her child has no reason, none at all to keep trying. I don’t want to be in pain, but the ones I love the most, hurt me the most. So why keep trying? If I love someone so much to the point where they can hurt me 1,000+ times and I still continue going.. why keep going? They obviously don’t care about me, they love the fact that they’ll never lose me. I don’t want to die. I am just tired of feeling trapped in my mind.

Post 394: No one really cares, they're only trying to make themselves feel good.
Content:
A while back I removed myself from the contacts of my 'friends,' trying to isolate myself before I stepped in front of a bus. No one spoke to me, ever reached out. I had to initiate every conversation, I was the runt hanging around that no one had the balls to formally tell to fuck off. Of course, the moment I do leave, everyone suddenly cares, everyone is buzzing my phone asking what's up and how I'm doing, they even got a hold of my parents. It escalated at some point to where the only one from that group I had any respect for is on the phone pleading that I don't die, that suicide is irrational and that I should consider meds.

Guess what, I said sure, I won't die, I'll go back business as usual. And you know what, it is business as usual. I am never anyone's first choice, I haven't spoken to another human in over a month. Even when I come back from an attempt it's like I died anyway. Really glad I got talked out of it, it would fucking suck if I missed out on being ignored and forgotten again.

Post 395: nobody cares if youre suicidal until you actually commit suicide
Content:
I often fantasize about dying. I don't want to be here anymore. it's not even so much out of sadness anymore as it is just out of thinking realistically. there's literally no point. the only thing holding me back from doing it is I don't want to do that to my parents. 
besides feeling like I just want to be dead, I also deal with intense depression and thoughts that torment me. I can't shake the feeling that something is just wrong with me and I'm never going to be happy or deserve to be happy. there's this void in me and no matter what I do, nothing fills it. 

I tried talking to my ex about this while we were dating. I told him about my self harm and how I just want to die. about the self harm, he told me to cut the "right way" if I wanted real results. for the depression and suicidal thoughts, he said he felt the same except he had a worse life, so his depression was more justified. he said I have a lot to be happy for. 

it just made me want to kill myself even more. but the thing is, I don't think I want to die. I just wish everything would stop and I could start over as someone else. 
and honestly, when I think about killing myself, I fantasize about it not working, but working just enough to hospitalize me. it's a sick fucking thought, I know.
I think the main reason I want to attempt suicide is so the people around me will realize that I'm not just faking it or "choosing" to be depressed. it's not just for attention... which is ironic to say, considering I want to do it literally to get their attention. but I just feel like, in order for my pain to be taken seriously, I need to show it to people somehow.

Post 396: Woke up in tears today because I had a dream where I was crying because of how much o hated myself .Feels like a whole new level of self-hatred .
Content:
Update : this has been a truly hellish day ;not surprised though ,considering how the day started . really thought I’d do it today ,felt like everything was pushing me down the cliff. but I am still here ,as you see . don’t know if that’s for better or for worse .

Post 397: I am going to hang myself at lunch
Content:
15 minutes left.

I can’t handle my boss, my job, my isolation, or my life anymore.

Edit: 6/29, I made it to the next day.

Post 398: Every time I go to sleep, I hope I never wake up
Content:
But then I do. And those few seconds after I open my eyes, while they’re adjusting to the light, are the most peaceful seconds of the day. They’re the only moments when I’m not thinking about ending it. For a while, I’ve had this feeling that I’ve been waiting for something. Or someone. I dont know. I might’ve been waiting for things to get better, but now I’m waiting for death.

Post 399: Please remember that NO ACTIVISM of any kind is ever allowed here. No matter what day it is.
Content:
Activism, i.e. advocating or fundraising for social change or raising awareness of social issues (and suicide is, inescapably, a social issue) is absolutely against the rules here at all times. 

Please understand that we're all for smart, strategic mental-health and suicide-prevention activism. It's essential to fight against stigma, misinformation, and discrimination, and to fight for research, treatment, accommodation, acceptance, and understanding. Most of us, one way or another, are mental-health activists IRL. 

But activism just doesn't work in a dedicated support space that serves a vulnerable population. We used to allow it but the evidence that it was undermining our primary purpose became overwhelming.  We do regret the need for this rule, but the need is inescapable. 

Our population is all too well aware of the issues and causes that need support and largely not in a position to take action, so besides the fact that activism is often salt in our community's wounds, it's a waste of the activists' time.

**tl;dr** Any fundraising, awareness raising, petitions, calls for participation, or any post that's about any cause or issue (rather than a request for personal support) is not allowed here.  Please report everything of the nature that you see.

Post 400: Life is not worth living if you aren't rich
Content:
It's all about money if you have money you can move from your parents home you can travel around the world you can buy anything you ever wanted you have power people lie that money won't make me happy but it's false everytime i get money i smile and feel happy i can buy what i wanted and get freedom with money that will make me happy but sadly i will have enough money to live the way i wanted only when i get old one of the reasons i wanna die instead of being a slave for many years like seriously i want in young age become rich and live the way i wanted but i have no idea how to do it and become rich sadly i will have to waste my best years when I'm young and only start living in 30+ fuck this shit world seriously i wish I'll become rich before 30 no matter what or how I'm looking for good ideas to do that

Post 401: I will probably kill myself tomorrow bcs of my girlfriend
Content:
Hi guys Im a 18yo boy and I apologize if my english is not that good..So Im having some very heavy suicidal thoughts and Im thinking about ending it all probably tomorrow..because my girlfriend broke up with me and she was my everything...and the thing its not her fault..her mom started hating me like 4 months ago and my gf had a big fight with her and she broke up with me..I stayed 3 months without her suffering and hoping every day that I wouldnt wake up anymore..in these 3 months I started taking pills and smoking weed because I thought that it would help me to take her off my mind..but it didnt work,instead I developed a mental thing called depersonalization and I always feel like I live in a fucking dream and nothing feels real..1 month ago she messaged me and she wanted to try again,and of course I accepted it..but 2 days ago her mom found out that we started to date again...and my gf broke up with me and she blocked me everywhere and told me not to look for her anymore and to live on...and i swear to god I cant take it anymore everything feels like a dream I have depersonalization depression anxiety panic attacks and I cant eat anything and I feel faintness all the times...I just cant do it anymore Im all alone my parents arent here with me and they wouldnt help me much anyway...I asked a friend to make a group on whatsapp to add me and her so I could write her something...and I told her that I feel suicidal and that I might kms and she just acted like she didnt care....she said that I wont do nothing and she asked me to leave her alone forever....I swear I cant take this anymore,I dont need replies like "there are a lot of girls"...I just want her nothing feels like her....And I cant do anything anymore...I feel like im going insane I feel like I cant control myself anymore I just want to end it all..I cant even see myself in the future..I am already completely dead inside and I want all the pain to fucking go away and this wont happen until I kms

Update :https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/kobvyd/for_the_people_that_read_my_story_about_me_and_my/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Post 402: Well, 2022 fucking sucked.
Content:
Yet another New Year’s Eve with no plans. I’ll probably be in my room crying in the darkness when midnight hits. There’s nothing that makes me want to die more than how utterly alone I feel all the time.

Post 403: To the child I once was, I’m so sorry for what I have done.
Content:

I wish I had been better to you. I wish I hadn’t hurt us so much.

We were so full of life, of wonder, I long again for that naive awe. When we could stay up till midnight and catch dreams in the palms of our hands. Counting the stars with our fingertips and watching videos waiting for the birds to wake. 

Golden hour and boyhood dreams, waiting for that ‘lucky’ person. I mourn the moments of sibling rivalry and parently hugs, I mourn our happiness. I mourn our innocence.

I’m sorry I never protected you from him. I’m sorry I let it get this far. I’m sorry that you stifle tears when you are touched. 

10 years old. You know you never deserved it, right? You didn't ask for it. You never led him on. 

I’m sorry you want to be abused, I’m sorry that the love you know is saturated in manipulation. He was 18 and you were 13, you knew it was not okay and yet you loved him still. But you were a child, how can anyone ask you to be emotionally mature?

I’m sorry that you are lonely, you’ve pushed them away. You regret it, don't you? You seek love in the bite of a blade, and the kiss of a lit flame.

You want to die and I have caused it. 

I am so sorry.

Post 404: My wife of 32 years has passed away. I’m not going to live without her.
Content:
I have known my wife for as long as I can remember. I recently turned 50 years old. Half a century. We were childhood friends who got married as soon as we were both 18. Usually married couples that young tend to have regrets but never us. 
It has been a little over a month since she found out she had cancer. Stage 3 ovarian. It was gut-wrenching but she was so sure she could beat it. I think she truly believed that. This morning, she died.
I can’t even cry because I am just focused on going to where she is. I always knew that would be what happened if she went first, I just didn’t know it would be this soon. 
I don’t have any other family to tell so consider this my only goodbye message. I guess I do have some attachment to this world after all but not enough to keep me from her. I’m sorry. For all the rest of you, stay strong, if you can. Goodbye.


Post 405: I'm quite convinced that depression will kill me someday, and I'm okay with that.
Content:
Until that day comes, however, I can only do my best. Even if that means wallowing in existential dread, failing at everything, losing all meaningful connections and watching the world hustle away while I sink into the void, it is okay :)


Everything is okay.

Post 406: Games aren’t fun anymore. Books aren’t fun anymore
Content:
Music doesn’t sound good anymore. 

Exploring the city isn’t fun anymore.

Painting isn’t fun anymore. 

I still have no friends. 

I really wish I was dead

Post 407: It’s my bday today and I didn’t get any wishes from anyone
Content:
Today’s my 20th bday and no one has said happy bday to me not even close family which is rly sad :(

My family favors my younger brother more so they have a party for him but every times it’s my bday they don’t really celebrate it tbh :(

If y’all could wish me a happy bday that would make my day :)
thanks everyone!

Post 408: Bruh my therapist actually used that stupid motto on me
Content:
”Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.” No it fucking isn’t. It’s a permanent solution to an endless chain of problems, most of which are temporary I admit, but some of which aren’t. And the chain of problems is, in itself, a permanent problem. It’s not like I’m gonna kill myself over some math test, but rather because I don’t enjoy my daily life, because I don’t look forward to almost anything, because of all the unfixable problems that plague this world, because every stupid little thing has become a challenge, because there will always be some bullshit to deal with and because I am undeniably a burden. Yes, I’m struggling right now, yes it’ll get better, but what then? Well it’ll get worse again. It‘s just ups and downs till you die, and the good isn’t worth going through all this shit for. Such a goddamn stupid phrase… Like why do people use it? I really don’t get it.

Post 409: I quit my job because it made me suicidal but now I'm depressed AND unemployed
Content:
I just drink all day. I don't even enjoy myself. I just rot.

Post 410: A bit ago I was so worried about how badly my suicide would affect others. Now I’m starting to care less and less.
Content:
When I die, that’s it for me. My life and conscious will be over and I won’t have any sort of cognitive abilities to even think of the outcome. People will be in hysterics at first but I know they’ll eventually move on. All I am is a burden, anyways. I make it harder for everyone who puts faith in me. I’m a dickhead and a fucking idiot. Maybe it won’t be now, but I hope once I’m gone, people will at least find peace in the long run. As for me, I feel like I’ll never reach that peace. I’m constantly at war with my own mind and it’s all so so tiring. I just to put my weary mind to rest. It hurts so much and I’m sorry.

Post 411: I’m going to drown myself in a few hours
Content:
Hello all, first off I’d like to say that I am comfortable and at piece with my decision. I’m a 23 year old male who is homeless living in an un-driveable car after a wreck. My car was my lively-hood. I lived in it, I worked in it (DoorDash, Instacart), it was everything to me. It’s completely messed up and I can’t pay my deductible ($250) or the damages ($5,000). I don’t know what else to do. Tried to work everywhere near me, I’ve applied at Johnnys Pizza House, Popeyes, FedEx, UPS, etc. Trying to find work in a desperate time so I can fix my car but nobody is giving me a chance. 

Honestly, days like today really bother me, I never had a dad and my mom raised me by herself the best she could and I’ll always respect her for that. Unfortunately she isn’t around to call on anymore and I think today is the day that we will rejoice. I miss you momma. I miss enjoying life like I did when I was a kid, I miss it so much. I wish I could find something that brings me joy. 

The method I chose to go is by drowning. Something about the water. It’s peaceful, beautiful, and cold. I’ve lived in a very cold world lately and feel like it suits me. I don’t blame anyone for this besides myself. I was trying to decline a DoorDash order and next thing I know I wrecked the only thing that matters to me.

I have nothing now. I don’t have income, I don’t have any food or money, I don’t have family, I don’t have friends, I’m just a lonely 23 year old who wants to escape a life that is beating my ass. Thank you for allowing me to vent Reddit.

Post 412: reality is so disappointing, fuck life
Content:
thats it, thats the post. i honestly cant wait to kill myself, this shit aint fun at all

Post 413: Worst part is they won
Content:
As i reflect on my shitty life i think one of the worst parts about this is that all those who wronged me and mentally and physically abused me won. They went to college and had fun. They went to college and made memories. They went to college and met lovers and eventually married. Certainly I'm not claiming that they and they alone are responsible for how my life ended, but certainly things would have been different had i not been tormented in middle school and high school.

I contributed nothing to the world and my life will be condensed to nothing more than a blurb on a newspaper that they read with their wives before taking their kids to school. Hopefully some animals will at least get a tasty meal out of me.

Post 414: I posted a joke on twitter so I wouldn’t kill myself
Content:
I was feeling incredibly suicidal.  So I posted a stupid video clip of a screaming cowboy on my Twitter all my friends have access to because fuck how awful would it be for that to be the last thing I’m seen posting?

It’s stupid and childish maybe. But idk maybe someone else will benefit from hearing it worked for me.  Anything to keep me here at this point tbh.

Post 415: Can we not gatekeep suicidal depression?
Content:
Hello. I had an interesting conversation with another redditor the other day from my post. I was gonna attempt and this person tried to talk me down, only to get agitated at me and say,” you’re only attention seeking and wasting good people’s time.” Like isn’t the point of this subreddit to be a bit attention seeking? I wanted someone to talk me out of it. But don’t tell me that I’m not suicidally depressed, you don’t fucking know me and what I’m going through. You shouldn’t have that attitude if you’re trying to help people on here. Thank you all, I hope you have a good day.

Post 416: Imagine how pleasant it would be to sleep forever
Content:
I don't want to die per say, but I also don't want to be alive. It's too hard and I'm not cut out for it. 

The only place where I feel relief is when I'm asleep. When I'm asleep nothing bothers me, nothing can hurt me. I just wish it could be like that forever.

Post 417: Its 1 am and I dont want to sleep because I'm not ready to wake up and deal with another fucking day.
Content:
Anyone else procrastinate going to sleep so you can lay in bed and have more of the sweet silent calm darkness?

Post 418: Wrote this while sitting on a bridge looking down
Content:
Each night like this. I just want to slip into the water. And come up in a new place. And breath a different air. In a world far from here.

Post 419: I want to kill myself in order not to go to war
Content:
Hello, I'm 17 and I'm Ukrainian. There is a war in my country, so every man from 18 to 60 years old can be mobilized. I have a deferment for another 2 years but it doesn't make sense. As a result, I will still be drafted into the army.I'm thinking of killing myself, because it's much better than being blown up by a missile, shot, or worse, captured and tortured.

Edited: everything should be fine, I will graduate from college and go to study at a university in Ukraine (so I won't be drafted into the army)I think that during this time the war will be over. So, for those who were worried about my fate, don't worry, I'll be fine! Thank you all for your support, advice and care<//333💗💗💗

Post 420: I hate being a prostitute
Content:
In truth, I actually used to enjoy it years ago. Then, I went to college because I wanted more fulfilling work. Then, I started a business, and even though it's been successful, it's taking longer than I anticipated to fully set up so I can't live off the profits yet. 

So... I had to default to my former work to temporarily makes ends meet and... I'm remembering how dehumanizing it is. I've only been back at it a month and have already had to visit the ER to do a rape kit, have already been facef\*\*\*ed so hard I threw up (despite having not eaten anything that day), have already torn countless times, have already had every 'minor' boundary ignored, and have already lost my sanity having to sleep during the day so I can be available at night. Dehumanizing is an understatement, and the money is only worth it if it's a stepping stone to a better future, and a close one at that.   

I'm dreading the 15th when I have to be back at it until July. My depression is coming back and I really need things to work for me... otherwise... I'll perish.

Post 421: Im killing myself in an hour and 6 minutes.
Content:
Please leave some final messages

  
Edit; 25 Minutes later and I have hope. My brother, who I havent seen or heard from in over half a decade, just replied to one of my texts. I've been catching up with him and I may have new hope.

Post 422: well guys, i’m alive
Content:
i stayed up the whole night last night going back and forth with my bottle of pills. i guess i won.

Post 423: Last day on Earth.
Content:
This is an update to my [last post](https://www.reddit.com/r/depressed/s/aJfYvgCwJf)

Today's the day, and tonight's the night. I don't really have anything planned for today really, just do the chores my parents gave me, proofread my letter one more time, and just pass the time with video games and YouTube until tonight. I've already scouted out where I want to do it. Not at my house since I don't want to scar my family any more than what they're already gonna be from this. I plan on doing it at my local park. It's got a big field way on the outskirts of it. Peaceful, with a good view of the stars too. I plan on waiting until everyone goes to sleep tonight, take my last shower at about 10 pm, and write 2 more on-paper notes. One for my family to find in my room, telling them to call the police and telling them the location of my body, and one on my body telling the police that my suicide letter is on my phone in my notes app. I'll walk to the park somewhere between 12 - 3 am and just look at the stars for a while. Might drink a little too, play some music. Once I've said my prayers and my last words, turn my gun onto myself, pull the trigger, and see what happens from there. These past few days have been strangely peaceful actually. Feels like I've got control of my life for once and that I actually know what's gonna happen.

I'd like to thank everybody who left comments or sent me pms after my last post. All of you are amazing people and you will hopefully go on to do great things with your lives. Thank you for giving some comfort in my final days. 🖤

If I somehow survive or the gun jams I'll give you guys another update, but this is most likely gonna be my last post. Farewell everyone.


                                                                        -O.



[Update](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/s/JeOdNhUcVm)

Post 424: The only meaning of life quote that makes any sense
Content:
The literall meaning of life is whatever you're doing that prevents you from killing yourself.
- Albert Camus

Post 425: Im a pedophile and I don’t know if i could bear this pain 
Content:
random account. 

I’m 17, 5 months ago I self discovered myself as a pedophile, I looked at all the online resources  to figure everything a pedophile does, what occurs and the warning signs. I was determined to find out 

I was confused and stressed out and I still am because before that I was perfectly fine but sometimes it could occur later in puberty. 
It didn’t make sense, I liked girls my age and older so for that to happen was sad. 

Never looked at cp, but my inhibitions feel weak, I’m pushing through it. after finding out that it was true, I took meds to see if It could go away forever, ssris and sleep stuff. I’m on  40mg of Prozac. It still is happening and I have a high sex drive. I wanna try something to get rid of my libido. 

I knew pedophiles stared at kids, and thought to myself i would never do that. But it manifested 
I do long stares at kids, no thoughts just 
 compulsion and repressed thoughts that form nothing. I just want it to stop because I want to go back to normal I’m still 17 I want to live life.

I’ve been turned by  thoughts, but I feel super ashamed. it’s only happened 8 times.  

I feel so unlucky to be born that way, everything was going awesome and I had to born a pedophile. If I could find a fix. I would do it immediately. 

Feel free to ask questions.

Post 426: Healthy brains don't ask that question.
Content:
I am mystified by people who have an inherent, strong urge to live. People in horrific, oppressive, inescapable situations who just... keep living? Who do not off themselves? That boggles my mind. 

I've been suicidal for so long that killing myself has become a potential answer to every problem or question or stressor, an advocate for death in the back of my mind. 
Constantly. Even when I've been in better patches, that part of me still breathes these questions into my mind.

"But what if we just stopped existing?" 
"Is my existence *really* worthwhile?"
"Does your life have any real meaning?"
"Why are you still alive?"

Healthy brains just don't fucking ask those questions incessantly. They don't have existential crises in response to every little task.

There is something so fundamentally wrong with the building blocks of my psyche that makes me hate myself and have no will to exist, and very little seems to touch that basic flaw in my code. Every action I take is thrown off by it, the eccentricities it causes magnifying until my life is coming apart at the seams.

Post 427: I love my kitty
Content:
I've been suicidal for years, but I got a cat a couple months ago in the middle of the worst time in my life and now I can't keep her anymore
While I was sewing yesterday my cat swallowed a sewing pin and now has to get surgery and my mom won't let me keep her anymore.
We can't afford her surgery so we had to call my father who is rich but also a drug addict and tried to rape me less than five months ago.
Ive been holding on just so I can take care of her and now I failed at that and will probably never see her again after today. I'll have no reason to live anymore.
edit: I fell asleep and my mom gave her to my dad while I was sleeping. i already feel so empty walking around the apartment without her.
edit 2: my cat is now out of surgery and will be staying with my father for 15-20 day for her recovery.
i do not trust him at all to take care of her. i am scared for my cats life

Post 428: [URGENT] I think a friend committed suicide. Please help.
Content:
*******IMPORTANT EDIT******* I NEED TO COME CLEAN WITH ALL OF YOU GUYS, THIS PERSON IS NOT JUST A FRIEND BUT A PAID THERAPIST. THE COMPANY THEY ARE EMPLOYED WITH DOES NOT TOLERATE NO SHOWS WELL SO THIS IS WHY IT IS CONCERNING. EVERYTHING ELSE IS ACCURATE IN MU POST. ******They have been talking about it last week but let me know they sought out crisis help and for a therapist. Today we were supposed to virtually meet up and they did not show up. Not answering texts either. I’m praying to God that this did not happen. I don’t know what to do. I don’t have any other way to contact them or their family. I feel like a piece of shit for not checking up on them or doing anything. I’m praying that this didn’t happen. Oh God

Edit 1: still no reply from them. It’s been ~10 hours since I’ve first reached out to them. I was able to find what I assume their address. Attempted to call their local PD for a welfare check but they are closed on the weekends. No social media of theirs was found. I found their old cell phone number which is either off or disconnected (most likely). I found what I assume their wife’s or daughter’s cell phone which goes directly to voicemail as well.

Please don’t spend your money to give me awards.

Edit 2: Wanted to give you guys a quick update and thank all of you for the well wishes, advice, and just plain support you have provided me in these times. 

This morning I got an email from the company he works for. They told me that he is away due to a medical emergency. This means he is ALIVE. I am so happy all of my and your prayers have been answered. I do not know more details except those from the email but I will try to update you guys with the whole story when I can. I am also not aware if the medical emergency is due to a suicide attempt.

Post 429: Going to fight corona soon
Content:
In a few hours my alarm will sound to wake me up for work. Work in a hospital, diagnosing and treating corona patients. I wish I could sleep, I could really use some rest before the shift.

But I am writing my suicide note and it is getting so long. I am writing about how I have been harassed and bullied by people I don't know. Who attacked me and yelled at me on the street when I was only trying to go home. I want someone to know, and sympathize with me, but I have never told anyone except reddit. I must really be repulsive when I offend people whom i don't even know.

Noone would read my suicide note. I don't have a single friend. At 30 years of age I have never been in a relationship. I have no family. Who would read this? 

I've written a suicide note every week for 10 years. But I just can't seem to end myself. I wish I could absorb the illnesses of my patients, like a superpower that lets them go home to their families and lets me die. Maybe I would be remembered as a hero.

I wish someone would read my note. But noone will. I have another meeting with corona in a few hours.

Edit: I am a transgender person, that's why people harass me. I suppose they think I am ugly and repulsive. I dont mind if you call me guy, they call me worse things but I wish I wasn't one. Anyway thank you for the sympathetic replies. Sorry, I don't know how to respond because it feels like noone can understand what it is like to feel like everyone hates you. I wish there were more of you out there instead of all these people who will hate you even though you're not hurting anyone. Thank you for saying something nice to a stranger.

Post 430: I want to sleep and never wake up 😴 😫😭
Content:
Who relates?

Post 431: I tried to hang myself, the belt broke.
Content:
I stood on that chair for what felt like forever. Some part of me was waiting for someone to come stop me, tell me how stupid I was and that my life was worth living. Nobody stopped me. Nobody cared. So I stepped off the chair, and felt the belt squeeze around my neck. I blacked out within a couple seconds. And what they say about “how everyone’s final thoughts are that they wish they didn’t do it” it’s bullshit. My last thoughts were of relief. Anyway, I woke up on the floor feeling woozy, and I didn’t even remember I had just tried to kill myself. This is the closest I’ve come to ending my own life. I just can’t exist anymore.

Post 432: It’s so fucking frustrating that so many people that have zero experience with mental illness think they know what constitutes an “attention seeker” vs “reaching out”
Content:
When I start panicking, I can’t think straight at all, and I start reaching out for support in any way I can. If my therapy wasn’t helpful to me the day prior, no shit I’m going to reach out to people other than him if I’m really upset. All help lines ive tried are also shit, so I’ve resorted to reaching out online and sometimes to people I know in real life. 

Sometimes when I’m panicking I’ll tell someone that I want to kill myself in the hopes that they’ll respond with something that will make me feel better. Usually I’m told that I’m looking for attention, because if I really wanted to kill myself id just do it right? 

Half of the day I feel like screaming out that I want to kill myself so someone will make me feel better and make me not want to kill myself. I know the reaction I’ll get though. I wish people would use their brains and think through what it might be like to be someone with a  severe mental illness, it’s fucking torture. Like yes, we we don’t deserve to be put on a pedestal above you obviously, but maybe we do deserve a little special treatment, to be told that we deserve to live, to be given support, a hug, anything. You owe it to someone if they’re struggling and they reach out to you to not be an asshole and to give them at least an ounce of support

Post 433: There is no easy way to die
Content:
People always say that killing yourself is the easy way out when in reality theres nothing easy about it.There is so many different methods all with their own pros and cons and then on top of that, i dont know what happens after we die. I hope that its the same meaningless void that existed before i was born  but i cant ever be sure. And then all people say "oh just tell your parents" as if i didnt think of that before.

Post 434: My parents asked me to kill myself
Content:
I have always heard how if one is suffering they should reach out. So i reached out to my parents after a meltdown. Its been years since i am in depression nd suicidal nd have anxiety issues. I don't share the best relationship with my parents but some part of me still had hopes from them. Anyway yesterday i cried all day trying to explain to them my situation but they said i am lying nd i have no reason to be depressed about. My own parents told me if i am depressed then i probably want to kill myself too so y don't i do it if i really am depressed. Great solution actually. Now i might as well go ahead nd do it finally. Maybe i won't be a liar anymore...maybe i can finally find peace

Post 435: I jumped off a (small) bridge
Content:
Surprise! I lived. The water was quite a bit deeper than I thought, and luckily there were no rocks or tree branches just below the surface. I went headfirst, so any debri would have likely killed me outright, or knocked me out and caused me to drawn. 

I still got a concussion just from the water (FYI, concussions suck. Do not recommend). And after I somehow managed to not drown anyway, I swam to shore. Holy crap was it a long, cold walk home. 

Believe it or not, I didn’t think it was that big a deal. It didn’t really feel like a true suicide attempt. More like it blurred the lines between ‘self harm’ and ‘suicide’. Before the jump I had figured a ~90% chance I’d live if the water was deep (I was gambling a lot on that “if”). 

When I got home I told my family, thinking they would just let me go to sleep with some asprin, maybe take the next day off. Nope. Not a chance. We went *straight* to the ER. Then I was volunteered to go to the inpatient psychiatric unit. 

The psych ward. I was pretty terrified. I didn’t think I was worthy of such care. My issues were mild, weren’t they? It was just (extreme) self harm. 

I spent five days in the hospital. And frankly they were some of the most incredible days I’ve ever experienced in my life. I dealt with both extreme pain and euphoria. At several points, I *was* the hysterical, crying, inconsolable woman who you’d expect to find in a padded room wearing a straight jacket. 

But they didn’t do that to me. They talked to me, and they helped me. They gave me the mental and emotional tools to help myself. Somehow, they got me to admit that I *wanted* to live, even though I desperately believed I didn’t deserve to. I’m trying to remember, every minute of every day, that I *do* deserve to live. 

Anyway... that’s kinda my little story. 

TL;DR: Jumped off a bridge, landed in a psych ward, got legit help.

Edit: wow thanks for the support everyone! I’ll try to answer your questions in more detail when I get a chance.

Edit 2: this got a bit more attention than I thought, but I’m glad. If this enourages even one person to consider asking for help, or joining an inpatient phsyciatric program, I’ll be overjoyed.

Post 436: I don't even want to kill myself. I want to MURDER myself, that's how much I hate myself
Content:
People always say they want to die because nobody understands them or cares about them, but for me, I want to die BECAUSE my loved ones care about me, but I can't give them what they need and deserve, because I'm too fucked in the head and can only ever distract myself with Escapism, neglecting all those around me just to survive, and the pain I'm causing them is making me hate myself but I can't stop. I'm trapped

Post 437: My brother (17) killed himself in 2017 and I'm (16) thinking of doing the same
Content:
My brother hung himself in 2017 i was the first to found him. I thought it was a joke, when i realized i didn't screamed i was shocked. I casually walk to my mom's room and tell her my brother killed himself in his room. She called the ambulance but it was to late. There's a note it's pretty long and my mother threw it in the trash but i was able to read it. It basically says that he can't fit in anywhere even in his own family, that he doesn't know if he have a purpose in live, and that he was a burden to me and our mom who's a single mother. Today my mom doesn't mention him at all because she doesn't have any time to think about it. The reason why I'm writing this is because i feel that same way that he felt and i think I'm going to commit suicide. Maybe tomorrow or maybe even next year but i think i will do it no matter what happens.


I don't even know the real reason why I'm posting this. I'm writing to a bunch of stranger that i will never meet and will forget about this post in a couple of hours.


Ps. You don't have to waste money on awards for my post I'm just reaching out because idk who to talk to irl.

Post 438: [LONG UPDATE] 16 years old. I went on a walk, and the light was golden on the trees that arched above me. It was like heaven's gates. It was like God telling me to come home.
Content:
Linking in my previous post:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/ht43ep/16\_years\_old\_i\_went\_on\_a\_walk\_and\_the\_light\_was/](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/ht43ep/16_years_old_i_went_on_a_walk_and_the_light_was/)

I had absolutely no idea that my post would generate such a response. It is 9:32AM here in the UK as I write. I have just woken up and I'm completely blown away.

Evidently, I failed. This is the update I promised. It's long. I hope someone will still read it.

I think I should start earlier on, last afternoon, before I planned to go. I have read every single chat and comment left to me, and it seemed a lot of people related, or were touched in some way, so I think I should offer some of my story in return. Maybe some of you can find yourselves in this update. This is for you.

&#x200B;

I think it was around 3PM yesterday that I decided to end my life. I'd had a relatively uneventful morning. I'd already been on a walk with my mother down to the lake mentioned in my previous post, in efforts to ease some of the emotional tension that had been building for a couple of days. It didn't help. Cutting myself didn't help. I told her I felt trapped.

It was only after the words passed my lips, in the silence of the woods down by the lake, that I realised such language was a hallmark of the suicidal. Trapped. It almost evoked a grin. I hadn't even figured that suicide was already so deeply entrenched in my brain that it was spilling out into my words. I read an excellent book a few years ago where grief was literally a big black bird. It was as if said bird had landed on my scalp and I'd only just realised that its claws were prodding into my brain. What an image.

Afterwards, I got home. Something had finally cracked. I'm not sure what got pills into my brain, but once I'd locked onto the idea, it seemed an obvious choice. I felt a strange sense of clarity and resolution. I knew that it was dangerous to feel that way, but I enjoyed it. I went out into the garden - it was sunny - put my headphones on and listened to the Smiths. I lay down on the grass and crossed my arms over my eyes. I couldn't see, or hear anything (apart from Morrissey). I wondered if this was what it was like to be dead, to have this feeling of being alive but to lack all senses.

The song finished, and I sat up and opened my eyes. Everything was hazy and blue, in that strange way when you've shut your eyes against the sun for too long. It did feel almost heavenly, sat there in the grass. I felt lighter and cleaner than I had in a long time. As stated previously, I'm not a Christian, or any religion for that matter, but it was there in my garden that I first had this sense of God being with me. Everything was beautiful in a way I had never experienced before. It was as if everything had been prepared for me once last time. I felt at peace.

I sat there in the grass until I was called in for dinner. I ate with my family. I couldn't look them in the eyes once. Sticking with the religious theme, it had the same sense of doom as the Last Supper. I almost laughed. I don't know why.

I went out for another walk after dinner, back to the same lake as earlier. I think it had just gone 8PM, so the road through the woods was very empty, and the sun was just low enough in the sky to give that gorgeous golden tint to everything. I have lived in the same house all my life, so I must have walked this road at least a thousand times, but it was as if I was seeing it fresh. The leaves hanging above me looked so light. I saw that golden arch of trees that I mentioned in my other post, just at the end of the road where the woods thickened. It was as if I was being welcomed home. I felt a strange sense of euphoria as I passed through them, like I'd won some sort of prize. I walked past a couple with their dogs. I smiled and said hello. I wonder what the expression was on my face. Did it look as though I was breaking, or was it peaceful?

I got to the lake and sat down on the bench in front of it. The golden light was just skimming the trees - they're tall. It was entirely quiet. I have never known such quiet. The lake was completely still, except for the little circular ripples from the flies hitting the water. The sky had faded into a quiet greyish blue.  It was about 8:30PM. There was nobody else at the lake.

I knew then, in that stillness, that I wanted to go. In that stillness, I felt that every leaf, every pebble, even the rocks at the bottom of the lake had been placed there for me. I don't know whether it was a last-ditch attempt by the universe to get me to stay, or a send off. Like when Simon dies in Lord of the Flies, and all the little silver creatures come to carry his body away on the tide. I think it was a bit of both. It made me feel happy. 

When people freeze to death, they don't feel cold. They feel warm.

I got up, walked back down the road - and the light was fading, but it was still beautiful - and I got home. I messaged a couple of people that I wanted to say goodbye to, just to wish them well. I got changed into my favourite pajamas. I had a cup of tea - how English of me, to have one last cuppa. (I'd never liked this country.) I hugged my mother goodnight and I told her I loved her. I haven't told her I loved her in a decade.

I got into bed - it must have been around 10:30PM by this point - and I wrote my previous post. I'm not sure what I was looking for, by writing it. I didn't expect anyone to respond. I expected it to be the last mark I left on the world. I was okay with that. I hit post. I got a few replies. I responded. It was 11:50PM, I remember it clearly. I turned off my laptop. I went downstairs to get the pills to kill myself.

I barely remember ripping them from the packet. I don't think I felt anything. I was empty as I lined them up. There were only 8, but I'd done my research. One for each year of my life that I'd felt this way. It was enough to die - I don't weigh much - but I realised that it was also enough for me to live. I didn't feel terrible about that. I had responded to one of the comments on my other post about how I was willing to gamble. I had a bottle of water. I was ready.

It was then that I realised my willingness to take a gamble meant that I might want to live. I sat looking at those pills for a long time. I looked at the clock. It was nearly 1AM. I realised I was tired. And the suicide note I'd left was pretty badly written. And there was a party going on, down the street. I figured that even if I took the pills as an act of self harm, not suicide, I'd still have to call an ambulance, and I didn't particularly want that happening in front of a house full of people.

I laughed. It was almost stupid. I wanted to die - I wanted to die so much - but the little things were holding me back. I'd had a perfect send-off from nature. Hell, I'd had a decent last day as a whole. But at the final moment, there were still things that were too amiss for me to go forward. I felt ungrateful. I felt ashamed. I felt empty. But I figured that I could still kill myself another day. It could wait. I went to sleep. I still felt nothing.

&#x200B;

So. I failed, not because I took them, but because I was too afraid to take them. I've been afraid of failure all my life. It's always held me back, but maybe that saved me then.

&#x200B;

I accepted a long time ago that this is just the way it is. Just the way things are. It is the sort of life you might overhear in hushed conversations of the aisles in the supermarket - terribly, terribly sad, and then the conversation is moved on and it is forgotten. Back to the bottles of wine and the crisps.

&#x200B;

But I think there is still a part of me that desperately wants to live. I have so much I want to offer. I write poetry. I want someone to read it sometime. I applied to a summer school. If I killed myself last night, I wouldn't know if I got in. I'm going to refresh my email in a minute, to check.

&#x200B;

I'm here writing this - 11:11AM - and I can still feel that big black bird, sitting on top of my skull. I still want to die. I saved the pills. I put them in a little bag. I understand I might've lost any credibility from my last post - after all, I said I wanted to die and then didn't - but I hope someone is still hearing me. I think I'll take another look at the pills tonight. I hope someone is maybe still holding my hand. I need it so badly.

&#x200B;

But I'm still here, at least for a little while. Maybe a few hours. Maybe days. Maybe years. Maybe just until my 17th birthday. I don't know how long I'll have the courage to hold on for. But I'm still holding on.

I didn't think anyone would listen. This is a really long post - hell, I doubt anyone's reading at this point. But I know I was heard. I woke up to so much love this morning. All I can say is thank you.

Post 439: I don't eat or sleep anymore and I hope it'll kill me.
Content:
As of writing this I have not slept for aprox 60 to 70 hours, have consumed no nutrition or water besides miniscule amounts that my primal instincts demanded of me. But I resist and have not eaten for 40 hours i believe.

And while as the pathetic worthless low value man I am, I can not even commit the simple heroic act of removing my inferior genes from the genepool through efficent means. To blow your brains out, jump in front of a train, burn yourself, I could've chosen so many ways.

&#x200B;

But here I am now hoping to perish. Eventually my body has to determine it has to shut down hopefully completely. I don't feel any pain from it anymore, in fact I feel nothing slowly becoming a husk.

I can still think clearly, in fact that is what I wish I couldn't. I can think so clearly that I'm hoping to die even more.

While I write this feel all the futility of existence wrap around me, hugging me lovingly, more than a lover ever could, not that I've ever known what a lover will ever feel like ever in my life, or a hug in general that is, not even from a mother.

&#x200B;

Not eating have saved a great deal of money, I used it on material goods that makes me forget the agony my body tries to remind me of. Though slowly the dopamine will stop producing in my brain, it has already happened somewhat. My passions of creativity has no meaning anymore, they're all just a symbolism of emposing death on myself in a vague form.

&#x200B;

Leaving a legacy is the kind of thing a lot of people tend to think about when they're decide to throw the match of chess with the reaper on purpose. It has been on mind all my life really, but not just a material or symbolic legacy but an actual physical one, a family to go on.

But that is not to be, I've reached the point where it's not possible, there is no hope now. And as I view even my material goods and symbols obscure into the black holes just like everyone elses I realize how little purpose there is in anything at all. I don't wanna be here anymore.

&#x200B;

And meanwhile as you skim over these useless words and symbols, it could be that I might've finally went to sleep.

&#x200B;

Hopefully to never wake up ever again.

&#x200B;

Another decimal on a graph.

Post 440: My post here had not a single like or comment. I feel so alone.
Content:
I guess I really am the only one out there dealing with this never ending crap..people always say you're never alone, but they dont know what its like to be me.

Post 441: I'm a suicide prevention worker and I don't want to live anymore.
Content:
I am currently a blind epileptic psychologist who works at a psychiatric hospital. My current role is to support clients before, during, and for 2 years after their discharge. The role was created to reduce suicides and to prevent readmissions

I can't cope anymore. It isn't my work  - it's everything else. I don't want to be blind. I don't want to depend on others. I don't want to have Bipolar, GAD, and PTSD. This isn't the life I chose or magined.

I'm struggling so much, and I feel like I don't deserve to be here. I feel so worthless, despairing, exhausted, and helpless. It feels like my existence has never really  mattered. I feel like I wasn't made to be here. I'm invisible to the people around me.

I feel like my life has run it's course and I hope that no one else here has to experience this pain. 

I can understand why some of my clients made the choice to end their lives, and I hope they found the peace they were looking for.

I've been gathering means over the last few months. Everything is so hard.

My clients are so valued and needed. They deserve the world and every possible positive experience. Each one of them has a bright, unique light that I know will guide them through their darkest times. I hope they know/knew how much I care(d)

I'm sending all of my positive wishes to everyone else here. I hope that you can find happiness in a way that I couldn't.

Thank you for taking the time to read this. Please remember that you are needed and you belong in this world. 

Take care

Post 442: Why is it so hard for some people to accept that life just isn't that great for some people?
Content:
Some people just get completely, utterly screwed, traumatized and limited by life, to the point that living just isn't enjoyable anymore. To the point that any wild-eyed optimism one might have had in the face of adversity just gets drowned by the utter disillusionment that no - sometimes even if there was a will, there's wasn't much of any way, and even if there still is, it's not worth finding.

I've seen people say they can't even imagine what it must feel like to want to end your life or to even be depressed. On the flip side, it's hard for me to imagine what it'd be like to not feel depression as that's been most of my life, with tiny windows of joy where it felt like my efforts to outrun my horrible background were paying off. Those windows have closed and even if there are others left to open somewhere, I don't care, because they don't even look like ways out anymore. I'm at the point someone could give me a million dollars and it wouldn't make me happy.

But guess what the worst thing of all is? You have a *survival instinct.* Living another day feels awful, but dying is still terrifying, and beyond that it's drummed into your head that you'll hurt people if you somehow think you might be able to overcome the strongest instinct of all. You don't even want to die, just for your reality to be fundamentally different, but that's obviously not how this all works.

So, you're stuck in this hell that's been aptly described like the mental equivalent to a burning building, and there's no grand purpose to it - there's no big meaning or reward for suffering through it - you just had really bad luck. You just happened to be the organism born to become self-aware within an absolutely shitty situation, to the point many people  objectively admit you were, and now you've got to either take it or leave it and both options feel pretty horrible, but one at least feels like a solution in that this whole situation simply ends.

The thing is, too, I bet if it was somehow possible for a person that feels normal, or god forbid, happy, to experience this feeling for a day, they'd totally understand wanting to leave it and be incredibly grateful they've never spent a day in the desperate void that leads one to truly consider suicide.

So, fuck it.

Post 443: I use it as a comfort blanket
Content:
Whenever I feel stressed, anxious or depressed I fantasise about ending my life; it makes me feel calm again. It’s almost as if I’m reassuring myself that I don’t have to suffer any of this. It can all end whenever I want it to. Even when I’m driving and listening to my favourite music I think about it. Its not even that my life is horrible. It’s just painfully average and lonely. I’m not sure life is really worth fighting for if it’s as average as mine. I work so much, and on the weekend I spend time alone or gaming online. Is this really what we are all living for? To pay for a life I don’t even like? I’ve never been in a relationship or anything like that, and I used to say that I wanted to feel love before I died. But I feel that fading as time goes on, my life remaining the same.

Post 444: I just called the hotline and got hung up on. Talk about feeling alone
Content:
He answered and said his name. I said hello Kevin, how are you. He asked how I was I said “okay, I’m very sad” and I got the dial tone. Thank you very much, Kevin.

Post 445: “You have no choice but to keep fighting.” Oh, but I do. I do have a choice
Content:
I’m sick of people telling me I have no choice but to get better. What they don’t realize is I always have the option of suicide. So yes, I do have a choice. I’ll always have that choice. 
Stop 👏 making 👏 us 👏 live 👏 just 👏 for 👏 your 👏 happiness 👏

Post 446: Why does living with depression just feel like a series of necessary distractions?
Content:
Every single damn day I have to find at least one thing to distract me from the fact that I want to die. 

I don't want to hurt.  I don't want to suffer. I don't want to take anyone with me in the process.

I don't want to fail at it and end up with some kind of neurological issue or permament physical injury. 

I don't want to hurt the ones who care about me, either.  Like my parents. I love them. 


But I am just so damn tired of living.  It would be so nice if I could just fall asleep and not wake up.  

How nice it must be to not have depression. To not want to die.  I can't imagine how nice it must be going a day without fighting my own self...

Post 447: Does anyone else feel destined to die by suicide?
Content:
It sounds emo and cringy as hell, but I've felt this way for 8 years. Meh

Post 448: I just want a hug
Content:
That's all I want man. I just want to someone to hug me and tell me I'm OK.

I don't want a virtual hug. I just want someone in this godforsaken fucking world to actually care about me.

Post 449: I tried to kill myself.
Content:
Not today, not yesterday, 9 years ago. No one knows. No one noticed. I took a bunch of pills out of various bottles my family had lying around. Adderal, percocet, sleeping pills, and allergy meds were among them. I don’t know what else. There were more than four bottles. It was just whatever I could find. I swallowed some of each, chasing them with a wine cooler. Let a few dissolve on my tongue because I liked the sickening feeling they induced. I thought that would be enough. After a few minutes of nothing happening, I swallowed more. Got dizzy. Struggled to make it to the couch. Passed out. I was passed out in the living room and my family didn’t notice. They walked by me and didn’t notice. I still remember it all vividly and think of it often. I had no regrets. I wanted to die. Waking up, realizing I was still alive, that was the worst feeling I’ve ever felt. It put me in a daze. I’ve felt on pause ever since. I often regret not dying. I feel like I should be dead. I feel like a large part of me did die that day. The only reason I didn’t immediately try again was fear of not fully dying. I knew I couldn’t go through that again and didn’t have other resources I felt were adequate. I dropped out of school shortly after. I stopped leaving my house. I see all these stories of people living and being ecstatic over it. I don’t have that. Life hasn’t gotten better. I just wanted to tell someone.

Post 450: I almost died yesterday
Content:
I almost did it yesterday. I skipped school and went into the woods with some alcohol and a rope and I planned to end my life. I tied the noose and I jumped from a tree. Miraculously my neck didn’t break and and a homeless man came out of nowhere and cut me down. In that second that I was hanging from the tree all I could think about was how much of a mistake it was. I spent the rest of that day talking with the homeless man and learning about his experiences and I realized that life has its ups and downs but that’s what life is, you gotta live through the pain because it’s all experiences, not good or bad experiences, just experiences. Thank you, Mike, if you are reading this. 

Post 451: babysitter raped me for 4 years
Content:
Writing this here because bottling this up is killing me on the inside. The guilt and anxiety has been building for a decade and I just can't take it anymore.

My parents hired her when I was 10. I'd nearly burned the house down while home alone the month prior and they were too busy working to look after me themselves. My dad wanted a professional nanny but my mom insisted on hiring her childhood friend; I'll just call her Sarah. Sarah had just lost her job as a nurse and my mom wanted to help her get back on her feet.

I hated her immediately. Her hair was ratty, her breath smelled like fish and she seemed to think cheap perfume was a substitute for bathing. The first few months were fine but she quickly started pushing boundaries. It's weird to say but she'd treat me like one of her girl friends. She'd go on for hours about abusive ex boyfriends and childhood bullies and drunken one night stands, always making sure to swear me to secrecy afterwards.

My clubs and sports were my only time I got away from her but she convinced my parents that they were interfering with my grades and got me pulled out of them. After a year, my routine was coming straight home, hanging out with Sarah for 6 hours and going to sleep. I'm not going into detail but that's when the assaults began.

My grades immediately took a hit and so did my sleep. It all came to a head one day when I got a detention for falling asleep during a test. My dad was called in and after a few minutes of him questioning me about what was going on, I told him everything. That's the closest I ever saw him get to crying. When we got home, he and mom had an hour long screaming match where both blamed the other for 'letting this happen.' I was scared but also hopeful that it might finally be over.

However, the next night when I came home from school the energy had changed completely. Sarah was at the table along with both my parents and it looked like they'd been talking for some time. They told me to sit and asked if I had anything to say for myself. I asked what they meant and my mom said that Sarah had told her everything.

Apparently, Sarah had spent the day making me out to be some sort of sex obsessed pervert who'd been harassing and groping her for months. She had flipped every accusation I'd made back around on me and, infuriatingly, my parents had sided with her. I obviously denied all of it at first but after an hour and a half of my dad grilling me and picking my words apart I began to think it really was my fault. By the end of the conversation, I was tearfully apologizing to Sarah for my disgusting behavior and promising to never lie again.

The next day when I got home Sarah was there again. She made me say sorry for sharing 'our secret' and the assaults began again. It continued like that for another 3 years and this time I stopped trying to resist. Normally I'd spend my days brainstorming ways to avoid her but by then I'd figured there was nothing I could do. I developed a sort of helplessness that killed all my motivation and followed me long after she was gone.

I know it could have been worse but the ordeal really screwed up how I see things. I've been depressed, anxious and friendless ever since with no signs of it changing. I have mild pancreatitis from drinking and scars on my arms from self harm. When I try talking to my parents about it they just gaslight me. I've tried church, therapy and meds but nothing works. I just don't want to feel like this anymore.

Post 452: killing myself on jan 1st 2020
Content:
my parents found out i have depression, now my mom is treating me differently while my dad takes on a more gentler and understanding approach. My mom is guilt tripping me and telling me to kill myself, she wouldn't care she said. So I was deeply hurt, I recently purchased a rope 2 hours ago online. I'm planning to write goodbye letters next to my ex-boyfriend who I always loved, my friend who I drifted apart with but our memories together haunts me, my best friends who stuck around me and helped me get better, which vainly failed. And of course, my dad, I love my dad very much. I already wrote a will 2 months ago. I told my classmates about my plan, and they all tried their best to make me feel better. I love them so much, but if I have to endure the pain everyday at home being discriminated and bullied by my mom... I just can't...

&#x200B;

Honestly, fuck 2019.

&#x200B;

edit: 16/12/2019

thank you for the people who showed concern, it made me rethink if i want to go through it or not. I just feel this way because everyday feels like hell and why even bother going on if everyone around you, including your old friends are happy.

Post 453: I want to pass away so badly
Content:
I don't want to kill myself I just want to pass away so people won't feel guilty

Life hurts so badly and it just doesn't have any meaning anymore. I keep holding onto the good things and it keeps hurting me. I'm literally useless, I have no purpose. I make everything worse and I'm so done with people having to put up with me. I know what people in my life truly feel about me and I can't blame them. I want to make it easier for everyone and just die. I want to make it easier for myself. But I'm so cowardly I can't bring myself to kill myself. And there's this voice that keeps telling me what I'll miss out on. But I don't want to keep living painfully and regretting every second of my life, and making it hard for everyone else. I'm scared to die and yet I want it so bad. I hope I can just pass away in my sleep tonight or some day soon.

Post 454: I wouldn't care if i got tested positive for COVID and died from it.
Content:
I'm too much of a coward to kill myself, but if i died from COVID or something similar, i wouldn't mind.

I know this could come across as insensitive for victims of COVID, cancer, etc. And i'm sorry if you dislike my opinion, a old friend of mine lost their only parent to cancer so i understand that type of loss to some degree. Anyway, i'm rambling here, thanks for reading this.

Post 455: Sick of hearing ‘it gets better’
Content:
I don’t care!! 

I’m not only suicidal for my ‘temporary’ problems, I find life in general as simply meaningless and pointless. Even if things got better I wouldn’t want to live on this shitty planet, we all die in the end anyway. And my chronic pain isn’t gonna get better ever. I don’t want to change the world and I don’t care if people have it worse, so stop trying to guilt me.

Post 456: I would rather kill myself than have a job.
Content:
I no longer want to spend my entire life fulfilling the whims and wishes of other people. The world is a free gift and every human is an intelligent, powerful person who deserves freedom. Western society has made me a captive because I can only survive by clamoring after tokens (i.e. money) by subordinating myself to others. Every single day revolves around bending over backwards to fulfill someone else's goals, even though I usually disagree with them. I have no desire to be a manager and do the same thing to someone else. It's degrading and humiliating to my spirit and I'm not sure I want to endure it anymore.

I actually enjoy some kinds of work, but due to untreated ADHD, I probably can't be self-employed because I'm incapable of self-directed action. 

Am I being reasonable or not? Do you see any possible solutions?

Post 457: I don't want to do anything but sleep and engage in escapism
Content:
Escapism includes spending *too* much time on the internet, hanging out with no one but strangers, and wandering the streets alone.

**Edit:** Many thanks to everyone for your comments and emotional validation. I never thought my post would get noticed and I'm so sorry for replying so late.

Post 458: Suicide is always my first thought at every minor inconvenience.
Content:
I'm tired of pretending to be okay. Tired of being alive in general.

Post 459: If I could exchange my life with someone who needs it more, I would.
Content:
I’m failing, I’m a huge disappointment. For all these years, I acted like I don’t give a shit about everything, my parents are extremely carefree, living almost like teenagers the day they got an annulment when I was 4. I didn’t grew up with any of them for my whole grade school and they’ve staggered back into my life when I reach mid-high school, I hate them. They made me feel like a burden, like an excess baggage, like I was holding them back to go on with whatever the fuck they wanted to do. I’m sorry if you made a souvenir from you fucked up marriage, trust me I didn’t want to be born either. I’m sorry if you always see your ex-spouse in my face and all of my mistakes, I’m sorry that I looked like a splitting image between the two of you. I’m sorry if I’m not the daughter you hoped for, I’m not academically smart, I failed my year, I couldn’t tell you. I don’t want to hear your judgement anymore, I already know how much of a waste I am. 

I’ve made my decision since April, I gave myself a small deadline but it kept on extending because luckily schools still have a hard time reopening and I feel pretty shitty leaving the two most important people in my life, my best friends.I don’t want to die, I just don’t want to exist anymore, so they don’t have to grieve and feel like they could’ve done something to save me but I really am just so tired. I can’t tell anyone how I’m feeling, whenever I opened up I’ll get set aside, told to be strong or they say that they’re for me when they’re really not. I dunno why I decided to spill my emotional baggage to a bunch of strangers in the internet but it sucks when I’m more comfortable opening up here than with my friends. 

It didn’t help either that I’m stuck 24/7 inside the house like most people are during quarantine but there had been riots outside and the government being a huge douchebag to it’s citizens. I know I’m being selfish when there are more important matters in the world right now; racism and discrimination, world hunger, poverty, abuse, people who have incurable diseases. I wonder why the world is such a harsh place, I know that life isn’t fair but what the hell?  If I could exchange my life with someone who needs it more, I would. 

I want people to know that I tried. I tried to ask for help, with my family, friends and even try seeking a counselor secretly because apparently, having a mental health problem is considered crazy, an attention seeker or being overly dramatic. My family told me to suck it up, I’ll survive, life isn’t fair. My friends told me they’re there for me but my trust issues says no, suffer on your own, you don’t want to burden them or overshare your sob story, my pride tells me to keep them in the dark with my troubles too because I’ve been perceived as a fighter in our group, I’m always the one who’d they run to when they have a problem, in need of an advice or if there’s a fight amongst us I’m always in the neutral. I don’t want them to see me so vulnerable like this. I reached out to my adviser and then a guidance counselor, I’ve immediately been told that everything between us with be kept confidential UNLESS they see certain signs and they’d immediately tell it to the proper authorities. Yeah, I ghosted him after that message. 

I wonder if those painkillers would really take effect if I swallowed it all. Would it really kill my pain?  

June 25th is my deadline, it sucks coz I’m actually looking a bit forward to my 18th birthday in July 5th but I have to do it. I can’t take anymore humiliation, suffering and disappointment. I’m still a failure.


Lmao, sorry, I know I’m being dramatic. I really am just tired and angry. I want to sleep. Apologies for the terrible grammar too, English is not really my first language and I’m sorry if this is too long and I wasted your time.

Post 460: My wife died at 27, had been together our whole adult lives
Content:
She died 5 days ago after being hospitalised for 2 weeks.

We had been together since high school. Married on 7th July 2023.  She was my best friend, my home and core to all my dreams. 

We shared all our values and life goals, we wanted a family and children. We wanted to see the world and build careers that would let us make a difference. 

She wanted to help victims of violent crimes, she had endless empathy for people and the courage to try to empower those who had suffered from the most horrific crimes.

She followed me from our home in Helsinki to Dar es Salaam, Tanzania where I got a job soon after our wedding. We loved our lives there. She was blossoming, made the sweetest friends, and was working the perfect job that allowed her to work remotely while I worked my office job.

9th August 2024 she falls ill, I figure it's just a flu as I had one too and she tends to always get hit by the flu harder than me. For a full 24 hours I just take care of her at home, thinking rest is all she needs. The next day she is delirious, I still think this might just be a combo of the flu and the aural migraines she would often get. We get to the hospital around midday. It's malaria. I still think: "they know exactly how to treat malaria here, she'll be just fine"

2 weeks of fighting, complication after complication. On the 24th of August 2024, at 9AM, the doctors tell us her brain herniated, she was brain dead. The next 16 hours we watched her body give up. We were sobbing, sleeping and staring into the void over what was basically already a corpse being kept "alive" by tubes and medication. Tanzanian law would not allow her to be unplugged at the moment of brain death. 25th August 3AM, she is pronounced dead.

I'm back in Finland now at my parents' house. I have barely left my childhood bedroom. I dont have a home anymore. I lost my best friend, my first and only love, my future.

I'm in agony, the memories of our life together and her tubed corpse swirling in my head. I dont know how to live without her, I dont know how to function. I feel so alone, despite family and friends trying to be there for me.

I would not want to live, but I cant hurt my family more than they are already hurting. They loved her like a daughter.

I just want my home back, I want to be loved like she loved me.



Post 461: Humans don't like broken people
Content:
im tired of being broken.

Post 462: My 13 YO son wrote his goodbye letter and procured a weapon
Content:
I can’t sleep. Earlier tonight my husband came to me and said he needed to tell me something heavy. I immediately panicked but it was much worse than anything I thought. While playing ps4 in my sons room, (son is sleeping at his friends house) he found a goodbye letter sort of in plain sight. My son has one of those beds that’s like a bunk bed but the bottom part is all shelving and his mattress is close to the ceiling. The letter was open on the top of it. He hadn’t been snooping, (he was putting the controller up there) but this discovery sent him into snoop mode and he then found a green handled box cutter in the closet which does not belong to us. He refuses to tell me the full content of the letter but added that it included a will in which he delegated some of his belongings to his youngest siblings in his absence. I couldn’t possibly express how heartbroken and terrified I am. I feel this is a nightmare. My husband called the suicide hotline and has some numbers to call on Tuesday to get him into therapy (Monday is a holiday and he does not want to immediately go the inpatient route). I think I am going to ask the friends mother to keep him there until then because i feel he is safer socializing and having fun with his friend and is lower risk in that situation than being home in his room. My husband is also calling off work and using family leave until we meet with a professional. In the event he comes home before we get an appointment, I am thinking I will set an alarm to check up on him every 15 minutes or try to keep him w me at all times by watching movies, games, walking etc. I am afraid to bring it up to him before hand because maybe he will be so caught off guard and feel so ashamed that he won’t want to deal even more so. He must’ve bought the cutter himself because he walks to target sometimes. Or would his friend have given it to him? A few weeks back he said he should have the code to the safe where we keep our gun (home protection) and know it’s location in case of an intruder and we are not home. He’s only home alone with his 11 YO sister when I pick up my youngest and that’s at the most 45 minutes. He also has 0 training so I did not tell him the location or the code. I am nauseated thinking he asked about it for this…and maybe it might have already happened had I made that mistake for some stupid reason. Why is he so intent, he’s so young and so smart. He’s been struggling with grades but I thought he was making a turn around with the new semester. Idk what I’m doing but I CANNOT get this wrong.

Post 463: I give up
Content:
Since I was 16 I’ve been on my own, independent. 

Since covid i’ve lost my car, my apartment, my relationship, my closest family, and my entire career (I work in film in Canada) . Im turning 25 this year and since I was 11 I said i’d never make it to 25... I always had this feeling, even promised myself if I wasn’t happy i’d be gone. 

It comes August 14th. But I give up. I’ve been on every med, every therapy, i’ve done all I can.. but I just cant anymore.
I will end it come August . Im sorry I failed everyone. i just want solace and peace. 

(Im chronically ill , have PTSD & many mental conditions incompatible with life) 

This world wasn’t meant for me .

Post 464: 5 more hours until I promised I'd kill myself a long time ago.
Content:
11:58pm is the deadline. I've come so far and it only took a single drink to remind me that it's my 30th birthday and yet again, here I am alone and in the dark. I don't think I'll do it, but I never thought I'd make it this far. God I'm so alone. Even now, all I'm doing is talking to a white wall of my own text and using you dear reader as my journal. I'm sorry

Post 465: I told everyone in my life I'm going to kill myself today
Content:
No one turned up. No one cares. I'm going to pick up some helium and make a peaceful exit. What a fucking loser I am

EDIT: I made an attempt but got too scared. Friend has been coming and staying with me every day. Have a therapy appointment later today.

Post 466: Do you ever realize how easily you can exit someone's life?
Content:
It's so strange, in under a year I've come to realize how easy it is to slip out of someone's life no matter how much you cared for each other before. It's comforting to think that these people will be (are?) okay without me, so nothing will be "selfish" about my suicide.

edit: Thank you stranger for silver, & to everyone else who understands this. Every "you matter" and "you don't realize how much they care actually" is very kindhearted of you to say but untrue in my circumstance unfortunately.

Post 467: I’ll never find my person and watching everyone around me find theirs is painful
Content:
I want a best friend who can’t wait to tell me good news. A SO who can’t wait to come home and spend time with me. It’ll never happen. Not everyone has a person and I’m one of those people. I wish it wasn’t so heartbreaking to see everyone around me enjoy life or at least not hate it to the point of suicidal ideation. A decade is a long time to be depressed and at this point it won’t change. It’s really shitty to spend my one life being me

Post 468: “If you hit rock bottom then it’s only up from there” is the biggest load of shit I’ve ever heard.
Content:
I thought I hit rock bottom. I was wrong. It wasn’t even close. Now I think I really have.

If I wasn’t so scared, I’d have killed myself days ago.

Post 469: I wish I had killed myself when I was a teenager
Content:
I have never actually been actively suicidal, but the thought has been there ever since my early teens when something pretty traumatic happened to me. It was sort of a back door, you know? But never something I considered going through with in a near future. I didn't have a plan or anything really, but the thought of having a way out was comfort enough. Really, the simple thought that "this won't last forever, it will all end some day" was usually enough to keep me from feeling panicked and claustrophobic for simply being alive.

And growing up I naïvely thought that life would just automatically get better without me actually putting in the time and effort to make it so. The prospect of becoming an unemployed, depressed and washed up adult didn't even occur to me. I was convinced that by this time I would either be dead or having gotten my shit together, have a decent job and maybe even a steady relationship. This in-between sad existence was something I didn't expect. 13 year old me would be so disappointed.

Now I'm at a stage in life where I'm still young, but I've managed to ruin basically everything I had going for me in life. If I had put in the effort I could have gone places. But here I am, borderline-alcoholic, depressed, used up and hating myself. Through my careless, self destructive lifestyle I've gotten myself a bad reputation, allowed people to take advantage of me and used and abused other people and more or less hurt myself in every way possible, physically and mentally. I'm scarred and damaged inside and out. I'm a shell. I've gone out of my way to make sure I get to see the very worst of human kind by spending my time with others who hate themselves and life as much as I do. I've destroyed so much I don't even know if I have more to lose. I feel like a bottomless hole of hatred, rage and contempt for myself and everyone else. I can't feel happiness, I can't love. I can't feel anything but shame, regret and anger. I resent myself for allowing life to get this bad. I'm not considering suicide now, but part of me wishes that teenage me would have just ended things before this shitshow began, so I wouldn't have to live down this long walk of shame. I thought there would be some kind of reward or feeling of pride at this point for fighting to stay alive. But all I get is more and more shit thrown at me. It never ends. Life just deteriorates and I feel like a zombie.

Post 470: ever just sit in bed and cry
Content:
so like yk when your just feeling really fucking down, and there's noone to talk to, so you just cry in your bed? sometimes for hours, just sitting and thinking about how you used to be happy. and having fucked up thoughts of what you'd do to the people that make you this way. and what you'd do to yourself, and usually do end up s/h (I don't like saying the actual word). fuck everything

Post 471: Should i commit suicide?
Content:
Im a 13yo Male. My dad pressures me to get staight A’s and if i don’t he threatens me to beat the crap out of me. Because of the pandemic my dad stays home all day and constantly watch me doing homework and hit me and yell at me. I would usually avoid him at school, now that my safe haven is closed i can’t handle this anymore im considering ending it. Also please leave tips for painless ways of suicide. 

Sorry if my grammar is bad ,english is my second language.

Post 472: I've become so accustomed to the fact that I'm going to kill myself that other people's struggles with suicide don't register to me much
Content:
Because I think about it so much I just see them as another person like me. It also makes me feel like everyone is like me, so if I went to kill myself and people were around nobody would care.

Post 473: I wish i could give my life
Content:
I wish I could give my life to someone who is fighting for theirs in a hospital or someone whose days are numbered, I'm sure they would make better use of their life than mine. Just a thought.

Post 474: I’ve decided to 🔪myself this weekend
Content:
I’m way behind at my age. I have debt. Im unemployed. I have no direction. I always fail all professional licensure exams. I have ptsd. Social anxiety is at its worst for me. I’ll never be free from this pain it seems. Everyone says life is suppose to be hard and since it is I don’t want to take part in it. Money and reputation matters the most. I have none therefore I have no worth or purpose in this society. I’ve tried many times before and only ever failed. It’s over for me.

Since my dreams have been crushed, my new dream is to die. If my soul exists then I’ll just fly around the world or something after death. If there’s hell, then at least I know that it’s suppose to be torture, and there’s no money in hell I guess cus that’d be pointless. If there’s just nothing and I just die then that’s wonderful.

No more expectations, people sneering, torturing myself through social interaction, hating myself for having no money, no more ptsd, no more trying to claw my way up the rat race, no more not being able to get the things I want, no more being a failure and hating myself for it, no more anxiety, no more depression, no more guilt and shame, no more physical pain either.

It’s been a fruitless and exhausting punishment to be alive. I hope death is a person I can talk to when I die. Maybe they’ll finally be the person who truly understands me, more than I even understand myself.

Post 475: i am suicidal and i feel that you can only really talk to other suicidal people about suicide and depression
Content:
Thanks for all great support that i get from this comunity. It have saved my life

Post 476: I want to die and join him
Content:
My boyfriend killed himself a few months back. It is the worst fucking thing I have ever gone through. I feel so angry and empty most of the time. I hate everyone but most of all hate myself for not stopping him. It hurts so fucking much. 

He promised me. Promised me he wouldn't leave me. Spoke to his parents about getting help. Then he fucking left me with this mess.

I don't even know what I'm living for anymore. I'm just pretending to distract myself. But I can't do it anymore. I really can't. I'm exhausted and I don't know why I have to hold on. He didn't hold on. Why should I...?

I don't want to live 60+ years of my life knowing everyday that he's gone. It's fucking bullshit. Live with the fucking flashbacks of that fucking day.

I don't have any close friends. People say they're there and then don't bother talking to me.

I'm done with this shit. I really want to die. 

Please, I need help.

Post 477: I wish I could give someone else my life
Content:
Some people are fighting to live , they are fighting death every day , it amaze me , wish I can appreciate being able to live but instead I wish to die as soon as possible

Post 478: I hate that you can’t even mention suicidal thoughts because everyone will freak out
Content:
Even if you have them and know you won’t act on them. I get in phases where every time something upsets me I have very graphic images of all the ways I could kill my self. My OCD urges it on, and my irrational side tries to tell me it’s the best option. I have too many responsibilities for that ever to be an option, though, even if I have doubts that I’ll ever be “happy.”

But I can’t say this to anyone because they’ll freak out. They’ll think they should call a hospital, or tell someone in my family, or at the very least treat me differently or not let me tell dark jokes. And all those types of reactions end up doing are further isolating me in my own mind while pretending to be relatively fine on the outside.

Edit: This is my first time posting here and I am overwhelmed that my post has resonated with so many other people here. I hope to hear from more people. Please PM me or /u/ me in a comment if you’re interested in talking about something in particular (like someone mentioned OCD and intrusive thoughts).

Post 479: I’m about to kill myself
Content:
I just want it to be over. I just threw my brand new phone on the ground and broke it. My life is a wreck. I have no money, no real friends. My family is fake. I drinking right now. I’m a burden to fucking everyone. My roommate is in the next room and can hear me crying and is just chilling on his phone watching videos on his phone. I’m fucking tired of this bullshit, and want it to be over. If this is my last post, I want it to be known that I’m greatful for those in my life who actually care.

Post 480: I'm 15 years old, I will kill myself next week. I need help. I need to feel that somebody understands me.
Content:
Hi, for the people worrying, I have made a post with an update, I am so thankful for your support I love you all:
https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/e22l0a/update_im_15_years_old_i_will_kill_myself_next/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

Please trust me, I am trying to describe my feelings in this post for almost 3 hours now. I need to post this. I will edit this tomorrow and do a whole story I just need somebody to know this. I don't want to die.

Post 481: I don’t want to get “help”
Content:
No I don’t want to get better. In fact I want to get worse. I want to get so bad that I have no choice but to kill myself. Why would I want to get better if I want to die? Getting “better” will only slightly decrease my depression to the point where I still feel like shit but not enough to want to die and I’m sorry but that’s the opposite of what I want. I don’t want to dish out a ridiculous amount of money for someone to convince me that I should keep living this ridiculously expensive and worthless life for another few decades. Death is the only way to free myself from all the problems in my life. Medication and therapy might minimize it but it’ll never truly go away. The longer I’m alive the more problems will pop up and ending it right now is the only reasonable thing for me to do.

Post 482: Im probably a pedophile, should i just kill myself?
Content:
I havent harmed anyone, and i dont have any photos/videos of children. 

I have had thoughts though and I can feel my eyes linger.

To be clear if i do kill myself its not for any moral act of good. It would 100% be a selfish

My life sucks without the fact im probably a pedophile. 

I have no friends. I am unable to form any social interactions. I am barely able to function as an adult. Im horribly depressed. My life is continually deteriorating.

The pedophile aspect is just an extra "Is there anything to even salvage here?". 

I think hey do myself a favour and do the world a favour. End it now while im still a sad tale, then i can like contribute to suicide awareness or someshit.

If i end it later i live a sad life, achieve nothing and people will piss on my grave.

Post 483: It’s Father’s Day and I’m 23 and a single dad and I feel so lonely and sad, I don’t feel happy I don’t know why , I wish I wasn’t alive right now and some how died of a accident, I really wish I had some affection by someone who loves me too,
Content:
I woke up feeling so sad and now I can’t stop crying , my dad took my son while I shower and etc but I’m so upset and I wish I wasn’t alive , I hate my self so bad I’m so lonely and sad, I really wish I had affection

Post 484: I died yesterday
Content:
I died yesterday and now for some reason my body is moving but I’m dead inside. Yesterday was it. I’m dead. I have nothing on the inside. No joy. No sorrow. No up. No down. No conversation. Nothing. I am a body that’s waiting for death whenever that may be because I’m already dead.

Post 485: I'm afraid one day I'll just snap and kill myself
Content:
To be honest every time I'm angry or sad my mind goes to suicide. Even the smallest things: an argument, missing the bus, anything. And I'm just scared one day I'll get so mad or sad I'll kill myself. It's been like this for a year or two, but it keeps getting worse. I'm just so scared. I feel bad because other people have it worse then I do, but I'm just whining and afraid. A friend told me "other people's worse problems don't mean you're problems aren't bad" but I'm just so scared

Post 486: Does anyone else think about suicide every few seconds?
Content:
It's constantly on my mind. It doesn't matter what I'm doing. If I'm at work, or home or outside. The thoughts are always there. I'm talking about literally every 10-20 seconds I think about killing myself.

Post 487: This world is objectively terrible
Content:
Suffering is the most constant thing I can think of for a conscious being. In the wild, millions of animals get horrifically mauled and mutilated, and eaten while they are still alive a lot of the time. For humans, billions of us are born in horrific conditions, living a terrible life, and that's all they know. And of course you can be born in a "first world country" (me) and still go through a living hell. 

People choose to ignore the bad, either because they'll go insane thinking about how awful this world is, or because it's not them, so they don't care. What the fuck? I can't believe this is real. This world could qualify for a type of hell. I just can't believe I'm real, every other conscious thing is real, and most are suffering so much. There's no hope in the long term, truly. All we do is focus on our little, tiny victories because it's cope.

Please, I don't need advice if you actually read this. There's nothing that can help me, or this world. I just want out of this fucking sick joke. I'm crying out to the void, but for no reason. No one will save us but the sun swallowing the earth

Post 488: I genuinely hate being alive
Content:
I have no interest in doing anything ever. The idea of seeing my family and friends is daunting to me because I feel the need to appear to be happy and okay. I’m in grad school for something I thought I wanted but upon realizing I want nothing in life, I’m just throwing myself into debt. I can’t remember the last time I genuinely felt happy and I don’t think therapy works for me. I’ve tried depression meds but then I completely feel nothing and at that point I’d rather be dead. I feel like the only reason I can’t kill myself now is because of my partner and we live together and I don’t want to burden him with anything regardless of if it’s my mental illness alive and  working or me dead. 

I’m 24 years old. I’ve thought about this since I was 19. I hate my existence here and I really feel like there’s no other choice for me to get out of this head space

Post 489: So let me get this straight...I have to do this for another 50+ years?
Content:
So let me get this straight: I never asked to be born, but I was. 

I was born in a shit city and grew up in shit neighborhoods. Still here, still causing mental issues.

I was born with serious mental issues that caused me to harm people when I was younger.  

Never felt human at all or at least not for too long. Could never ground myself and always fantasized about leaving for another world. 

Ah, also unintelligent, going through school with poor grades, school fucked me up and causes my dreams to be themed around it nearly *every night.* Yet, people think I can make it through college. 

For some reason almost always irritable around family and tired of being constantly asked to do things, just want to be left alone. 

People have this romanticized view of me and contradict the truth that I'm evil and mean-hearted and deserve death. No matter how determined I am and how much I build myself up, I can't escape it. 

Pathetic, unless, unreliable, and a child in their mid-twenties. 

Pandemic has taught me how crazy it can drive you to be the house with people all the time. But I realize this just proves even more how mean I am. 

Considering who and what I am, my family would be lying if they say they wouldn't be better off. Who wouldn't reasonably trade not having to deal with that anymore? Or even for something better. 

Humanity can't seem to accept that some people really are not meant for this and a self-inflicted death would be a positive. But they'd rather shame, guilt, belittle, patronize, and spite you into living...because that is the reasonable way to do it...

Post 490: My dad fired the gun
Content:
It’s hard to see the person you look up to the most hurting so bad. 

My dad put a pistol to his head and pull the trigger. The gun fired but I guess he missed? I don’t know. I wasn’t there. 

But now what? We are all sitting up, scared, pissed, hurt, grateful he’s alive, and he is in bed asleep. 

I paced the house for an hour and finally decided to smoke a joint out back. That’s where I am now. Alone. Bare foot and high. 

I keep imagining these made up scenarios where he goes through with it and I can hear my moms screams   I can see his body slumped over on the bed with a blank expression on his face. My stomach starts to hurt and I have to distract myself. 

He’s 73 years old. Father of 5. Grandad to 14 grandchildren and 5 great grandchildren. Him and mom have been through it all. Divorced and both remarried then found each other again. Together ever since. 

I know that I will never know what made him want to attempt to take his own life. But I can’t help the feel the need to know. 

I’m spending the night in my parents living room 10 feet from their bedroom door. There won’t be much sleep and I’ve already taken off work tomorrow. 

I’ve been fighting my breakdown for a few hours now. I know it’s coming and I know it’s going to be pretty hard. 

This is going to be hard.

Post 491: the world is too scary and i don’t want to deal with it
Content:
i never asked to be born. being apart of this world comes with so many downfalls, that the things that make you happy to be alive don’t even feel worth it.

Post 492: the amount of people suffering here is insane
Content:
do you sometimes realize that the amount of people suffering from severe depression and on the brink of killing themselves on this subreddit and outside of this subreddit really speaks the painful truth about our socaity and our world in general? the world we live in ladies and gentlemen are crule uncaring and cold
in this socaity we view the mentaly ill as an outcast an alien a very disgusting and unacceptable creature....which we pretend to care about and try to "help" them
if you suffer from cancer or any other illness people can actually acknowledge your pain and know you are suffering
they know how hug your scars are
but with mental illness people sometimes understemate your suffering
people understemate how severe your depression actually is
people say go get therapy, take anti depressiants but its not a 100% cure it never cured everyone((i myself took pills but it never worked))
actually depression and other disorders
never had a magical cure like we have on flu...yet we dont take it seriously 
and the result? suicide

i really wish depression was like a flu it could get away with some medicine
but no ...its like a curse...once you get it
its gonna never stop hurting you
only if its not too late and only if you got some huge will to live you maybe can get through it ...maybe
its like a snake ...eats you from the inside out
first it eats your will to live and then it eats your ability to enjoy things 
and finally when it really completely took over your mind and body ...it will make you wish for death and later on plan it
this snake feeds on neglect truamatizing events
and deep scars left unhealed...and we can only destroy this cursed snake with care , love and good treatment
not risk truamatize suicidal people with more shit...i swear people could never understand us and only the ones who suffer like us can only understand what if really feels like to have this shitty disorder...
if only people could at least show a bit of understand and care
we would'nt ever get to this point
that idea really makes me hate humanity and myself even more...everything bad happens to us is what we deserve 
we all cold and greedy
we all just take take and take
we never give
we never gave to eachother nor to this poor plant
we all deserve to die 
no one is good
if there is good left in us its only minor
god if you even exist please end us already
please end me...i dont want to see myself living inside this hell forever
the hell is in me and in the world
i can never fix myself nor i can fix the fucked up world
the best i could do is just die

edit : one day and this many upvotes? well i gusse there are a lot of people who get me , wow im not completely misunderstood for being a sick fuck!
thanks for you all ....you all are my shining hope in this darkness ...im lost here and trying to find my way out of here...
well at least the moment i die i could still think back and see i was never alone in how i saw this world

Post 493: my dad just threw a knife at me and told me to kill myself so he doesn't have to live with such a horrible child
Content:
this all started because i disagreed with him about the covid vaccine, btw

Post 494: I have plans to kill myself
Content:
exactly what the title says

tagged as nsfw just in case

I've made plans to kill myself tonight, in roughly 3 hours or less. I told my friend about that, and he doesn't seem to be taking it seriously. I feel like he's annoyed that I told him

edit: no, I don't feel any better, but I chose a different outcome. I talked to my friend a bit more and came to my senses. thank you for the people who reached out, I appreciate all of you. good people. I also want to clarify that no, this is in no way for attention. I genuinely considered suicide and was on the brink of doing it

Post 495: Really jealous when other people commit suicide
Content:
I know it's horrible of me. I feel sad for them but a part of me deep down is jealous. I wish I was dead so so bad. I just cant understand how they managed to succeed, because dying is super hard, attempting suicide can leave you with brain damage, paralysis, damage in other organs, and I just want to know how to succeed already. I wish I was dead already I want it so so bad I just need to know how to get it right and I dont know how if anyone can help that would be great

Post 496: I don’t want to live without him
Content:
It’s been 8 years since my fiancé was murdered in a robbery gone bad and I wish I could say I’m better but I’m not. I’ve hated my life every moment of every day since he left. I hate this world for taking him from me over something so stupid. I was born to a family that doesn’t love me and everyone has treated me like shit except him and now I have to live the rest of my miserable life without him. I’ve prayed for the courage to end it all. I’ve tried every single antidepressant available and it only makes things worse. The worst is discussing it with others because they always try to force me to date someone else and move on but I don’t want anyone else. The thought of being with someone else makes me feel sick. I’m not over my fiancé and I never will be. I think I was pregnant by him around the time he died but miscarried due to stress. I don’t want to live with this pain anymore. I’m never going to love someone like that or be loved like that again. I will never marry or have a family. I will never watch my kids graduate high school or meet my grandchildren. My life is a waste and means nothing. I wish someone would shoot me in the head too 😭

Post 497: I fucking hate my birthday
Content:
You don't give a shit about me the rest of the year why do you pretend to care about me now ?? Every year it's the same and every year it's just a reminder that I haven't killed myself yet

Post 498: Please read this if you have the time.
Content:
I'm really hoping somebody sees this, even if that seems selfish.

Maybe this isn't the right place for this. I'm new to this whole Reddit thing, so I was pretty shocked when I found this subreddit. the world is pretty crazy these days, I guess. I have no clue how many people will see this, or if anyone will see it, but I just need a place to vent. So, here's a not-so-short summary of my entire life story.

I was born at a very young age in Korea to a woman and a man (who already had another child, my sister) in a crippling amount of debt. I moved to Canada after a couple of years of living in Korea, my father's irresponsible investments and petty crime following us from across the globe.

I was four when my mother hit me for the first time. I don't remember the particular instance, but it was then for sure. To me, it seemed as if my mother would go out of her way to hit me whenever the opportunity arose. ANY opportunity at all. She would beat me senseless for not cleaning my room or eating too slow, or whatever other trivial matter she felt like punishing me for. There have been far too many instances in my life so far, where I, an innocent child, has cowered at the hands of her mother, thinking it was the end. She has made me fear for my life on numerous accounts.

I was in the third grade when I called my mom a bitch for the first and last time. I just remember being so insanely frustrated with the way she treated me, and the way she was so much more accepting and lax when it came to disciplining my older sister. I muttered it with seething anger on my way out the door that day. She called the school I was attending at the time and told them I was "sick". She kept me home and beat me with a metal music stand, aiming for my head, my throat, and just about anywhere else she figured she could land a blow. This went on until my barely present father came home from work. I was sent to school the next day, being given a kiss before I left as if the day before had never happened.

My school performance was never awful. in fact, it was more the opposite. I was considered somewhat of a child prodigy. School was the one place I felt I could truly thrive, if ever. I did have what I would consider seriously awful behaviour in school, as I would lash out at other children with the same violent tendencies as my mother. This was not brought to anybody's attention, so for a very long time, which means it was not corrected until much later in my life.

The (abusive?) cycle kept going the way it was, with her beating the shit out of me for the sake of discipline, and then acting if she was some sort of saint the very next day, with not even a hint of guilt or remorse on her face. I remember being in the fourth grade, sick of being "disciplined". I picked up our landline and looked her in the eye,

"I'm going to call the police and tell them everything you do to me." And she said,"Go ahead, nobody is going to help you." I felt completely defeated. There was no help for me. There was no escape. Even at the tender age of 9, I started to feel as if there was no escape but death. I felt as if I couldn't talk to anyone about this. 'Mom would probably hit me again.' 'Dad is never home.' ' I know she wouldn't get it.' I knew that if I talked about it at school, that legal troubles were sure to ensue, so I kept my mouth shut for a long time.

Another memorable instance happened in the fifth grade, when my mother fell insanely ill out of nowhere. we were at the pool. She seemed to be completely fine just moments before, but now she was seemingly dying in a changing stall, telling me to get her help over and over again. And I didn't. Call me a heathen. I stood right in front of the stall door and prayed with all my heart and soul that she would just die and leave me alone. She didn't. Some days I still wish that she did.

Fast forward just a little more. There I was, a tender 11, resentful and bitter at the world. I didn't give a shit about anything. I just wanted it to be over. My school performance started to slip, I just couldn't understand like I could before. Anything and Everything was insanely distracting, and I took to watching anime and gameplay videos as a means of escape from the world. Somehow, my hungover teacher would still find any excuse to give me a good mark, and I was still considered a prodigy, despite my near fail scores. I couldn't do math to save my life, but because of the way I was treated, I would chant to myself 'at least I'm smart' to make me feel better about it all. I was accepted into an academic challenge program for junior high, which only further inflated my ego.

When I got to my brand new school, I realized a couple of things: 1. Years of being violent towards my peers left me completely unapproachable. 2. I had extreme trust issues. 3. I was fucking stupid compared to my peers. I so badly wanted junior high to be my break, my way out. I wanted so badly for everything to get better. But I couldn't make any new friends (probably because I was terrifying, we're talking descriptive death threats left and right) and my academics were not improving at all. Focusing was near impossible. I couldn't ever shut my mouth. Everyone hated me. I was at an all time low, and I still didn't have a single soul to tell this to. I couldn't trust those kids at school, they'd hand me over to the police like I was nothing. I never wanted that. I desperately wanted to put my past behind me. My mom had stopped beating me (only after figuring that her multiple illnesses made her weaker than I was) but it still felt as if she would strike again at any moment. I was living on edge at home and school. I managed to raise myself a little, teaching myself to trust little by little. Teaching myself what was morally acceptable. Anything to make me even one friend.

Eighth grade was somewhat of a breeze. I had friends, and people seemed to no longer think I was terrifying. But of course, in a cruel world such as this, nothing can ever be completely good. my grades were slipping hard. I procrastinated to the end of my life, and every assignment I handed in was complete shit. Things didn't really improve family wise either. My mom would be pissed at me if I was sick and bedridden, since that's an inconvenience to her. My dad was drunk every single day and my sister was starting to become a second mother. Definitely not ideal, but I would fight my way through it. look at what I had already overcome!

Ninth grade. shit. I realized that people didn't actually like me. To everyone, I was just a background character, nothing more than a forgettable nobody. I felt invisible, like I was talking and people just didn't even care that I was there. This is also the year I was diagnosed with ADHD. Family didn't take it well, or rather they just didn't take it. None of them have really bothered to look into ADHD at all, nobody asked the doctor any questions, none. Zip. Nada. My parents don't give a damn. They've made no means to learn about it. They just pump me full of what's essentially meth as medication and hope I shut the fuck up. They don't reprimand my older sister calling me retarded at any given chance. Nothing. It's awful knowing that because of this, I'll never be normal. Nevertheless, I kept working towards self improvement. I was making good progress. I really thought I had a shot at getting better and fully escaping my past-

nope. quarantine. I'm stuck at home with my family. My mom has definitely calmed down, but I know that deep down she resents me. Now, my sister is my biggest enemy. She truly is my second mother. She belittles me constantly, insulting me and disregarding me. Worst of all, she pretends she's a fucking saint, just like my mother. When I confront her about the things she does, all I get is a

"No I don't, I don't have any idea what you're talking about!" And then she just keeps on hanging around in my room pretending like we're best friends, as if she didn't call me a defective retard the other day.

And here I am now, washed up at 14, unable to recover from my past. Broken forever. Defective. Stupid. Unmotivated. Invisible to the world. I want to end it all. I have nothing to lose. I am nothing. I purposefully omitted my current age until the end of the post because I didn't want people to think I was a "sad girl" or just a typical teenager. The more I read this though, the more I'm starting to think I am just stupid teenager who needs to be disregarded. My feelings are invalid. I hate myself.

If anyone is really out here, and I'm not completely invisible, please say something. I don't want to be alone anymore. I don't think I can do this anymore. I don't want to be alone anymore. Please.

Post 499: Last night I dreamt that I was happy. I'd forgotten what it felt like.
Content:
It's a curious thing, really. Waking up and realizing just what your life has become. Opening your eyes and looking around a room full of the stuff that used to excite you. After years and years of being just barely aware of the passage of time, coming to the stark realization that you have nothing left.

I suppose I should be thankful. I have lived a life overflowing with privilege, and have been just handed over opportunities that most people would have to fight for, and that many never get to have anyway. My parents love me deeply, that I know for a fact. Never in my life have I ever had to wonder where my next meal was gonna come from, or whether I would still have a home when the bills came. I've always had it all, and from this treasured oasis of opportunity I have built nothing but this small room filled with broken toys and half forgotten dreams.

I used to feel angry about the life I've wasted. When the anger ran out and I realized there was no one to blame but myself, I felt sad. Now the decades have slipped by without ever realizing it, what was supposed to be the best time of my life is now behind me, And now I feel nothing. Nothing but a hollow certainty that, just as I longed in my childhood to reach for the stars, now I just long for a quiet funeral, where the very few that cared will mourn and the many that knew my name will soon forget.

After all, time will erase everyone's legacy, eventually. Mine just happens to be close to spent.

Post 500: Any other students here that can’t bring themselves to do their schoolwork because of their mental health?
Content:
I used to be a really good student prior to when I got diagnosed with depression. Since then I just can’t. It’s not because I don’t want to. It’s not because I‘m incapable of doing it. I know I’m intelligent, and I know I am capable of doing all the work that’s being given to me. But I literally just can’t. I cant bring myself to do it. It’s the worst feeling ever. I feel like all my teachers are silently judging me for “not caring” or being “one of those students” and it hurts so bad. It’s so much deeper than that. I care so much but so little at the same time. I feel guilty because all I do is lie in bed all day and scroll through social media until it gets dark and then I go to bed. I’ve been stuck in that routine for so long. It’s not that I don’t want to get out of it, it’s that I can’t. This is what I’m accustomed to. This is what’s normal to me. I hate it so much but I just don’t know what to do. Okay thanks for reading if you did I just wanted to rant and hopefully get some reassurance that I’m not alone.

Post 501: I killed my girlfriend, and now I want to kill myself..
Content:
 

Before you read my true story, I want you to know that I'm not very good at English, as it's my second language so bare with me if I have made grammatical mistakes or anything, and honestly I really haven't opened up about this incident in my life, until today.

Anyway,

This one random late night in March 2017, I decided to download the Tinder app (probably the worst decisions in my life) , but I'm genuinely a introvert person, so it's hard for me to make conversation on spot to get to know people. Most people hop on tinder to troll, some to get laid but I was on it to find "true love". Fast forward to two months of most girls wanting to just party or I was to boring to form a conversation, this one random day I got super liked by this girl named Laura. We both started to talk, we both had a lot of similarities between us and she was literally 2 miles away from my place. It had been 2 weeks, we both still haven't meet but our conversations started to get more personal, and I felt a real connection between us two. We both replied long, it used to take me a good 45mins to an hour to reply, it was just how it was. It was however odd for me that she was really beautiful, and I was a ugly mf. She came from a small town family, where as me, I was a city kid, from a wealthy family (although she didn't know that for along time).

After the 2 weeks of talking, we both decided to meet up for lunch. Like when I say she was simple, she had no idea about brands or anything. I dressed up with some yeezy 750s, she didn't even know them. And some part of me liked that she was like that, because most of the times, I only wore to show off, to feel rich, to feel accepted. One thing about being rich is that, the definition of happiness is so different to what a average person would say. Like an average person has aspirations of having a nice house, a nice car, nice gadgets and all but it's different being born wealthy, like I had everything that anyone would aspire of having, it's different when you have everything. Anyway that just made me like Laura more because she was a simple person, a bit mysterious and I was always curious to know more about her.

We ended up dating for 6 months, and I knew she was the one for me, she was beautiful, she loved me for who I was, I didn't have to pretend to be this cool dude like I did with my friends, she loved the sensitive little bitch I was. Everything was going well, till (Jan 2018) she called and cried, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer at a bad stage, the doctors said they could cure it but he would only survive for a couple of months. Laura was going through some tough times, but I was always with her, trying to make her strong. She would tell me stories about her dad, like how they used to horse ride back when they used to live on farm lands, and how he would work 14 hours everyday just his both daughters could have the life that every other kid had. Tbh that got me so depressed, like the fact that her father sacrificed so much for his kids and all. But no matter what had happened over the next few months, years or the next decade or so, i said to myself that I would always be with Laura, and I wanted to marry her.

We got back to our casual routines, she was getting better and better, and on her birthday 11th of March, I proposed to her, I honestly didn't know if it was the right time or not, but I felt like I needed to tell her that I'm gonna be committed and not just saying it but i wanted to show her. Laura said yes, cried and hugged so hard that I thought she would break my bones, but I knew that this meant a lot to her.

April 11th 2018.

This part is going to be hard for me, as I am typing my fingers are twitching, I'm really scared, because to say it out is something i haven't done... Anyway, on this very day, I picked up Laura, we were driving to the hospital to visit her dad, we went on the highway. Till this high speeding car (prolly doing 150kmph) tried to overtake a vechile in front of us so we were behind this car, but suddenly suddenly the person slammed the brakes and dropped back, causing me to smash into the car. After this moment, I don't remember a thing. It felt like I died, I could hear my surroundings but I couldn't see anything, Idk how long or anything I woke up and the first thing I asked was "what happened to laura?" and my mum started to cry but i thought she was crying for me. I kept asking, and no one replied. Then it hit me, it hit me that she's not alive, and i couldn't understand. It all happened in a flash of a second.. The love of my life was gone, and I could do nothing about it, i didn't know how to take it in, it fucked me up. I only had minor injuries, but I was mentally dead.

Fast forward to a month, I still was in shock, infact I still am.. I went to visit her family, to apologies, but couldn't even let out a word, just cried out loud, but somehow they understood my pain. Laura's dad seemed to be weaker, her mum always had a smile on but she looked so bad, she was in shock and it just made me feel worse and worse. A week later, I found out that Laura's dad had passed away, i wasn't ready for the funeral, I didn't go to laura's too because I couldn't accept it but my mum told me that I had to go to comfort her mum. But laura's mum had completely changed, she didn't want to hear anything from anyone because two of the most people in her life had passed away and I honestly could do nothing but cry looking at her.

Fast forward it to now, there hasn't been a day I felt that I could have done better, I could have reacted better, and if i had turned the other way, maybe I could have died instead of laura, maybe she survived she could have been with her dad for the rest of time, maybe seeing her daughter would have kept him alive for a bit longer, maybe the mum would have been brave having her daughter around. I know it's not my fault, i've heard people say that constantly, it's not fault bro" but I could have done better, to prevent it, and that is stuck in my mind, and always will. I honestly have no hope for life, I just want to die, i can't get over these thoughts, I just hope I die real soon.... It's not that I want sympathy but I just can't deal with it, it hurts.

Post 502: FUUUUUUUCK EVERYTHING
Content:
That is all

Post 503: i didn’t ask to be alive
Content:
this isn’t a gift, why does everyone say it is?

Post 504: Why do I fuck up everything
Content:
I always mess up. My friendships. My applications. My grades. My potential relationships. My family. My skillset. My health. My reputation. My head. My entire fucking life. 

Dunno, I guess when you are suicidal, you kinda stop feeling bad about causing irreversible damage because when you do it supports your case for wanting to die.

I fuck it all up and I stop seeing a future anymore.

I’m a fuck up and that’s all I’ll ever be because that’s what I’ve chosen to be.

Post 505: Death sounds really good right now. Like a nice sandwich. Like I’m starving. Like, “man, death would really hit the spot right now.”
Content:
That’s how I’m feeling. Like the end would just be so fuckin’ good right now.

Post 506: I'm transgender and my family will never accept me.
Content:
I've lived with my parents my whole life, I love them more than anything, but they are very transphobic. I hear them complaining about trans people all the time, and I'm too scared to tell them that they're wrong. I'm not going to come out of the closet, if I do I'm afraid they might disown me. But at the same time, staying in the closet feels like a massive weight on my chest, like I'm lying to everyone in my life. 

I want so badly to have them accept me, but they're so closed minded. I'm considering suicide and just coming out the note. I'm just so scared of everything right now.

Post 507: The fact I'm gonna die from suicide in the future is comforting...
Content:
I'm not gonna grow old. I'm gonna be dead... I've been wanting to commit suicide for a long time now... If I can't take it anymore I'll just Kill myself

Post 508: I am 37 and about to lose everything that matters to me
Content:
I am on the verge of losing everything and I cannot bear it:

1. My mother, who is slowly dying of Parkinson's
2. My job. My contract is up May 31. I am a college instructor, but I cannot teach next year because there are no openings due to declining enrolment 
3. My identity as a teacher. There are no jobs in what I teach that can sustain me financially. And I *love* to teach.
4. My apartment. I can barely afford rent as it is, and since I have no savings, I can't renew my lease, which is up on July 31.
5. My health insurance, which I'll lose with my job. This also means losing access to my shrink (I have bipolar disorder).
6. My access to a university library to do research
7. Related to 6, my identity as a scholar -- I can't write and produce scholarship with no job or place to live

That's everything that matters to me in this world, and it's all going to be gone soon. Every single thing. I don't have many friends, no partner or anything. I live alone. 

I have been suicidal, off and on, since I was 12. That's over 2/3 of my life. I cannot stand it anymore. Everything I had to live for is gone.

Post 509: Attempted suicide a few hours ago and I'm shook and so scared.
Content:
I've been at my all time rock-bottom for the past few days and I've been crying every night. It all accumulate this morning when I tried handing myself after my parents left for work. 

It's left me absolutely shook. Even writing this I'm shaking and my breathing is unnatural. I'm so scared, I'm really fucking scared. This is my first attempt so I've never felt anything like this before, the tears, the shaking, all of it. I can't stop crying, I can't believe this is real. Who knows if I'm gonna even be here next week, the way things are going I'm unsure, and this frightens the hell out of me.

I've had a therapist for the last 6 or so months and it really helped, but as soon as I stopped I instantly when back into my depressive state. I don't want to be stuck talking to a therapist my entire life. So I haven't been back and I don't plan too. 

If you've read this far, thank you so much for hearing me out, I just had to say this, I feel sick after what's happened.

Much love to everyone out there. Together, we'll get through this, all of us.


EDIT: Thanks to everyone who took the time to read this and especially to those kind hearted and uplifting comments. I am pretty worried about everything that's been going on with myself but reading the comments has helped to calm me down immensely. Honestly I can't thank you enough.

Post 510: I was terminated for reporting racism & sexual harassment. The humiliation from being fired alone is suicide within its-self.
Content:
I was fired from my job after reporting sexual harassment, sexism & racism. I had proof, I had witnesses, I was the only woman working with all men and I actually loved my job but sadly I couldn’t tolerate the harassment anymore. I was terminated after reporting all of this and the reason was because I wasn’t a “good fit”. It was humiliating. Being escorted out while the men I reported laughed at me … the worst feeling in the world. 

And now am being evicted. My lease is up in 4 months and my landlord won’t renew it. I am 25 years old and no family, literally NO FAMILY. I don’t have friends because I have always worked a lot. 

I am tired. I’ve been providing for myself since I was 16 years old, I’ve always been a hard working woman, I’ve always believed in doing the right thing and trying to get through life no matter how hard things got. But now I’m about to lose it all. I live in NYC and it’s damn near impossible to survive here. Being homeless when we already have a housing crisis & over flooded shelters is terrifying. (please don’t tell me to move). 

I truly wish we lived in a society where help is offered to young adults. 

I love life so much. I actually wake up everyday blessed to be alive. I’ve helped people before who were suicidal … But now I’m realizing how I don’t have to deal with any of this anymore and it could all just end.

Post 511: 'if you kill yourself your passing your pain to someone else' pretty sure i wouldn't care if i im already dead.
Content:
Im sick and tired of going through the same fucking thing over and over again I'm at my limit where one person telling me not to kill myself just makes me wanna do it twice as bad.

You wanna stop me from doing it? Give me reasons to live don't give me reason's to not die we're all gonna die one day so what's the point? 

At this point even though im only 16F not even in my adult years life really doesn't appeal to me anymore. I get people telling me not to take medication and some even yelling at me to stop it.

I mean..Even the people who tell me life's worth way more then i think it is they can't explain why I've been hurt so many times over the years. 

I even had people believe im just faking this because im one of those "attention whores" people usually like me when im not venting.

I even had someone tell me they see potential in me even though i can't even see it in me and they can't even explain it. 

Oh well..Basically today i learned I'll probably not make it to my mid 20s because im getting weaker by the day.

Post 512: I don't want to kill myself. But if death comes knocking, I wouldn't hesitate to open the door.
Content:
I don't think I have it in me to kill myself. But at the same time, I don't do anything to make my life better. Even though I know and understand and comprehend that if I just exercised, ate healthy, talked to a therapist and whatnot, things would be much better for me. I can completely visualize it as I write this. But when it comes down to it, I don't feel like doing any of that. Call it laziness, procrastination, depression, whatever; I actively choose to do the things that will decrease my life expectancy as much as possible. 

I don't want to kill myself. But if I'm ever held at gunpoint, I would not care if they pulled the trigger. In fact I'd welcome it. 

That's how I feel.

Post 513: No one will see this but if you do, thank you 🖤
Content:
I’m at home with my mum (who is asleep), usually my Stepdad is home too but I told him that my uncle is coming round, with even some false proof, he believed me so he has gone to his hour or two work shift. 

I did it so I could cry on my own, contemplating kms, because for years, since I was about 8 I have been thinking about it, getting stronger over time. I am always paranoid, looking around every corner, everyday contemplating. I just want it to end, so much has happened, people think I have it all, but it is all just a lie. About once a week I look up to see what the quickest way to kms is, to see if someone came up with a new and easy way. 

People say that I’m not alone, they all do, but these days I believe I really am, they say don’t do it. I have ambitions in life, but I know that I will never complete them, I will be gone soon and I know it, never having done any good except a few occasions when I made my family happy. I know what could have been, but now, right now, I’m a waste of a life and there is no reason to go on.  I suffer so much, I have no hope but I know things that I want to do in life, things that I want to see, places that I want to go to, people that I want to meet, but I am literally on the edge. They say call these numbers, go to these groups. They to me are worth nothing. I really wanted to live, but I can’t suffer like this anymore.

Sincerely, Kris

Post 514: I'm so embarrassed that I genuinely am considering suicide.
Content:
First of all: I know I am overreacting, that's what I'm excepting to hear in the replies. So, don't worry, I know. I just want to make it clear that I am diagnosed with Severe Anxiety and I cannot handle embarrassment at all. I normally wouldn't go as far as to say I want to kill myself, but this is a different occasion. 

\[Little NSFW Warning\]

&#x200B;

Last night, I had decided to try masturbation for the first time, normally, I am absolutely revolted by even the thought of it, I am convinced I am Asexual, but I don't want to be. I want to be a normal teenage girl. So, I desperately tried it in hopes it would unlock my ability to feel sexual desire and attraction. I didn't get too far in, being very, VERY hesitant, when my Mom barged in my room to check if I was asleep. I hear her yell "WHAT WERE \*YOU\* DOING?", her loud reaction caused my little sister to rush in and also see me, and I'll save the other details.

&#x200B;

We talked after that, and I told her my story of how I was only trying it because I was scared I couldn't feel any sexual feelings, I wish I had've come out as Ace to her right there and then, but I was worried she'd think it was fake. She was so very kind about it, telling me what I tried was normal and that I shouldn't be ashamed that I don't want to do anything like that, and that it was okay. 

&#x200B;

But ever since then, I've been so depressed. It embarrassed me so much, my little sister won't look me in the eyes anymore, and I've felt like utter shit around my mother. I feel so sick that that's forever going to be in her memories, and that she will probably never see me as the innocent girl I expressed I was. The embarrassment and knowing that I cannot change the past weighs me down so much that I just want to fucking kill myself so I don't have to deal with it anymore. I can't sit on my bed without remembering it. This has genuinely made me want to kill myself, and again, I know I'm overreacting. I've tried telling myself that in a few months, maybe even just ***a*** month that this won't matter, but it doesn't work. I feel sick. I don't want to leave my room anymore, I don't want to eat, I don't want to take showers anymore, I don't want to care for myself anymore, because I'm afraid she'll think I'm doing it again (even though I expressed to her that the thought of it was repulsing.)

&#x200B;

I'm sorry, I know no one cares about my weird story, I just wanted to get it off my chest and also ask if anyone knows any tactics to forget memories quicker. Could I just pretend it was a dream? I don't want to feel like this anymore.

Post 515: Bye stupid terrible world. You're all terrible.
Content:
Update: The person who posted this has died. I too will leave.

Post 516: I wish there was a reset button for life.
Content:
I wish

Post 517: why did i have to be so fucking ugly
Content:
i feel like, i see it all so clearly now. i always thought there was something else wrong with me. i was never able to make friends and i could never find love, even though i tried so hard to be charismatic and nice and funny. but now ive realised its all because im ugly. being ugly makes people see you as lower social value and thus you will get bullied and have less friends and the romantic part is all looks anyways so of course youll have no success there


attractive people dont even have to try to be charismatic or socially acceptable, they can say the most retarded shit ever or have the worst personality possible and people will still want to fuck them, as if theyre being hypnotised by their perfect facial ratios and good skin. just fuck this shit. im planning to dump all my money into plastic surgery and if im still not attractive im done. that is all

Post 518: i really wanna hang myself rn. Im not going to do it, but i really want to
Content:
im not feeling good this morning so im cutting up my leg rn ): but it happens u know


sometimes things suck and u gotta cutt

(i already know cutting is bad so please dont mindlessly spew taht out in the comments. i also know how to take care of my cuts)

~~~~~~~

*edit: hey, i noticed the comments have been getting spicy and i would like to put my thoughts here instead of repeating them in the comments-

please DONT comment something along the lines of "i care about you" or "i love you". we are strangers on the internet. you dont know me, i dont know you, we dont know them. that means nothing to the receiving end.

please DO share your own experiences and how they may compare or contrast! i and others would much rather like to hear that we are not alone. theres also no harm in wishing others well rather than telling them things WILL get well.


also, please dont be toxic to each other. i can handle toxic comments, but idk other people's headspaces right now and id rather this post be a chill space than a nasty one. 

thank you.*

Post 519: Goodbye
Content:
\*\*UPDATE: I didn't do it. I made myself go to sleep. I didn't get all my letters/goodbyes done the way I needed to. Right now I feel empty, in a daze. I know I will lose this battle one day, but I'm kinda glad it wasn't last night. Also, thanks to all the people who commented that they care, means so much.\*\*

Hopefully, this is my last post. I'm not posting this for attention or pity, it's merely to show I was here, I was a person.

Right now nothing and everything hurts at the same time. I can't breathe, I can't stop crying. Why am I this weak, it's a disgrace to humankind.

I can't take this anymore. I'm sorry to all the people I love, even If the love was not returned.

Thanks for the memories life. Goodbye.

SJ 1998-2019

Post 520: Just to thank a girl angel that appears in my dreams
Content:
I'm average teen boy and i've very much depressed lately. I never had a relationship of any kind and I'm loner and socially awkward. I dont like being with anyone I'm like just a sad person who can't handle life well. Even I kinda hate my family as they literally can't understand me and always I'm called demon or monster or someone who cant fit in like im from another country. So I cry, I cry alot but there is one girl who has appeared in my dreams more than 5 times. The last one was like 3 days ago. Let me describe her she is a girl about my age nearly 17 she always appears in yellow sweater with texture like in picture and she wears jeans mostly blue. My dream is like she is just standing in empty space like i cant see far away and I'm always on my knees and all I do is hug her by stomach with my face on her stomach and cry and she just like an angel caresses my head holds me tighter while i cry and just tells me everything will be alright. So to the angel in my dreams THANK YOU, you are the only one who understands me and hold me man I cant tell you how much you mean to me. Thanks for saving me over and over again. I just want to meet you and show you my strong side. I cant thank you enough.

[The texture of her dress](https://lp2.hm.com/hmprod?hmver=1&set=quality%5B79%5D%2Csource%5B%2Fmodel%2F2017%2FF00+0501820+004+66+1588.jpg%5D%2Cwidth%5B2331%5D%2Cheight%5B2726%5D%2Cx%5B693%5D%2Cy%5B87%5D%2Ctype%5BDETAIL%5D&call=url[file:/product/main])

Post 521: I’m killing myself in a few minutes.
Content:
I hate this life.

I’ve been betrayed and bullied. I am only 13 but everything is miserable. School makes me want to vomit. My friends abandoned me. Even my ONLINE friends abandoned me. I thought they were supposed to be the good ones because real life friends suck.

My dad hates me and yells at me everyday. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. 

I don’t know if I will jump after venting it out. But I’m still looking at the window next to me. I’ve been crying for the past 2 hours. My parents are in a fight. So I probably will jump out the window in a few minutes and die.

I wish someone would just care about me. I’m so funny, they say. I’m so kind and pretty, they say. But yet 2 seconds later they pretend I don’t exist. 

PLEASE IM SO STREssed about college. OOH I NEED TO FET INTO IVY LEAGUE. YEAH IM IN THE PART OF SCHOOL THAT DOESNT COUNT FOR COLLEGE APPLICATIONS YET BUT I NEED TO ‘pRaCtIcE’ for THE ONES THAT DO COUNT. STRAIGHT A’S. STRAIGHT A’S. OH AND I HAVE TO CHANGE THE WORLD. STOOOOP. IM trapped IN MY OWN BRAIN. IVE DESTROYED MY LIFE TO GET THE GOOD GRADES. EVERYTHING IS CENTERED AROUND THIS ASSIGBMEBT OR THIS ESSAY. IM GONNA JUMP OUT THE FUCKING WINDOW.

I GET BULLIED BY MY FORMER FRIENDS. MADE FUN OF ME BECAUSE OF THE SECRETS I TOLD THEM. TRUST FUND KIDS BUT THE PROPERTY IS GETTING TO BULLY ME WJFJWJVHS I JUST SEARCHED UP THE DEFIBITION ON GOOGLE.

NO BENEVOLENT GOD WOULD ALLOW SUFFERING. MY GRANDPA HAS LOST HIS MIND FOR 9 YEARS BUT MY PARENTS REFUSE TO PULL THE PLUG BECAUSE ‘it’s a test from god to see if we can go to heaven’ NO YOU FUCKING MORONS. IM NOT GONNA FUCKING PRAY. IVE ALREADY LEFT YOUR FUCKING STUPID RELIGION IN PRIVATE. PLEASE. STOP. I HATE THIS LIFE.

THERES JUST PURE SUFFERING. MORE PEOPLE ARE DYING BECAUSE THE DRUNK 2 INCHES AWAY PLAYED THE ‘What If?’ GAME AND RAMMED INTO YOUR CAR. THE ANXIETY PILLS ARENT HELPING. I FEEL LIKE IM FALLING OFF A CHAIR BUT BUT I CANT FALL UGHHH NEVERMIND.

IM NOT GOING TO HELL IF I KILL MYSELF LIKE MY PARENTS SAY. ILL JUST FLOAT IN AN ETERNAL VOID FOREVER. FLOATING WITH IDK CAVEMEN YAAAAAAY.

GOODBYE.

Post 522: My mom thought my suicide attempt was just for attention
Content:
On July 16, I took around 300 mg of lexapro. The next day I had to go to the hospital. They asked me and my mom some questions and that’s when she said it.

Post 523: will someone read this?
Content:
no. no one will. no one cares about me. why am i still typing? goodbye world

edit: i post on this sub when i’m really lonely. i’m thankful that people did read this. i really am. i was saying that because i know that us usually other people’s posts go unanswered. it really sucks and i was worried the same would happen to me. i do my best to respond to other people’s posts that don’t have any responses. thank you guys so much for responding. thank you guys so much. it means so much to me.

Post 524: My life isn't BAD bad, but I don't see the point to living. It just feels like I'm wasting away. But I don't want to kill myself either. I just want to vanish, or maybe fall into a coma.
Content:
I'm probably going to sound like a terrible ungrateful person for saying this but, I just don't want to deal with anything anymore. My family is okay, had some arguing here and there but nothing abusive. I'm currently in uni with decent grades but also a whole lot of stress.

I've had suicidal thoughts for at least 8 years now, most of the times they come and go, but recently I've been starting to feel like things are pointless. I don't want to end up in a low paying job in this broken economy, doing the same thing from day till night, rinse and repeat. I hate having to deal with expectations of people and myself. I hate feeling like a fucking failure who can't get a job because of volatile emotions. I hate dealing with people who expect everything but pay you sheckels.

I don't see the point of carrying on anymore. Sure, there will be good times, but even during the good times I can't feel anything anymore. All I can feel is just neutral or depressed, and all I can do is pretend to be alright, all smiles, maybe play a fucking idiot to put on the act that all is well and I'm an upbeat cheerful person, or I'll just get into more trouble and even more depression. I feel like nobody I talk to will understand, and the people I've talked to all just say "I've been through worse and I'm fine", and I'm sick and tired of hearing that.

I don't know what to do anymore. I just want to fall into a coma, but that won't happen anytime soon. Sometimes I just wish my brain wasn't this volatile and would take a chill pill, but a therapist is out of the option since they're very expensive and because of the whole covid situation.

I don't want to be a burden to anyone anymore. But I don't know what to do.

I don't know. Thank you for reading though. Deep down I still wish that everything will be okay, even though I hate holding on to false hope.

Edit: It feels surreal to wake up and see that people have responded to this. I don't really know how to feel about this, but, thank you? I'll try to respond to the comments.

Post 525: I’m 44. My husband has a 22 year old girlfriend and broke my nose when I called him a groomer. I can’t find a reason to go on. 
Content:
Pretty much the title. But it’s a lie; I have a reason to go on. She’s 14 and she loves me, I know she would be lost without a mom. But I’m so fucking lonely. And so humiliated and tired. 

ETA: he’s known her since she was 13. She was friends with my kids. Hence, groomer. 

Edit 2: I get it, I should leave. She’s a legal adult. Yeah, yeah. 

We both have VERY public jobs in a VERY small town. Blowing this up would be humiliating for us all. Should I? Yes! Will I? I’m not strong enough. Hence, this post. 

Post 526: I want to kill myself. I want to die. NSFW
Content:
**trigger warning - talk of sexual and physical abuse.There is no TL DR, I need to vent. I've never told anyone the entirety of my life. I never wrote down how I felt. I want to see if it helps.**

&#x200B;

I was physically abused by my father. I remember one time he slammed/pushed the kitchen table into my chest while I was eating dinner. It pressed my chair up against the wall, then pushed all the air out of my chest. I remember getting tunnel vision and hitting the floor limp, as the table was pulled away.

When I tried to get up, while on hands and knees, I was kicked in my stomach by him. I don't remember anything other than being on the couch and my mom leaving him after that with me and my 2 brothers. I was 8. This is ONE story.

&#x200B;

My great grandfather used to call me worthless and emotionally abuse me because of my ethnicity. Until I was in my 20's I was reminded daily about how worthless I was over something I had no control over. He basically stepped in as the father figure. I would spend my summers in Southern California helping him super his apartments until I was about 17.

&#x200B;

I have never told anyone this, I was also sexual abused.

&#x200B;

I have never told anyone this, I was raped.

&#x200B;

To me, those are two separate things. When the abuse started, I physically enjoyed it. Had no idea. Then I was brutally sodomized. Then I grew up just a little and that's when I started to hate distrust and not like anyone. I built a fake smile. I built an auto pilot response for everyday things. I don't think. When I can, I do what I can to stop.

&#x200B;

From the ages of 9, to about 14 I was fucking raped weekly by a boy 7 years older(We'll call the fat ugly rapist FMC). I felt like shit because at the start I liked it. I didn't know what was happening to me, I just felt. By the time I was 12, I started to feel disgusted. By 14, I fucking hated everyone. I don't care to discuss the last time he abused me but I will say I don't think he EVER put himself in the position he was in. He left me alone at that point.

By the time I was 18, I was wrapping up making money by taking it from adults to beat the shit out of under age people I went to school with (gang related and they didn't want to get in trouble, and hell whats the worst that could happen to me if I get caught? I was a minor), they all deserved \*this is just how I felt at the time\* it and it was my only outlet. It was shit like, kids stealing and the owners wanting revenge cause a family member seen them with the stolen property at school. Or someones dad wanted me to scare the shit out of the daughters boyfriend. Shit like like that. The last time I did something like this for example - Some kid who was a senior ( over 18 at the time )had his stereo stolen. He gave me $50 to beat the shit out of the kid who did it ( 16yo ). He reminded me of the boy who raped me. When I punched that kid, all I could see was that fat piece of shit FMC. When he was on the ground, in the fencing position, I drug and slammed him around by is hair. Into the side walk. I picked him off the ground, while he was dead weight- and rubbed his head in the top of a chain link fence. I was expelled and arrested for assault. I tested out of High school. I have never ever been violent with ANYONE since then. All the way till now and I'm 36.

During my time in School, seventh through high school, I hated everyone. Fuck em. I had only 1 real friend and I had one crush on a girl. One. It lasted no less than 2 weeks of fantasizing before FMC learned about it. He didn't like it. He told David my best friend at the time (he had no idea FMC was fucking raping me and new him as a friend of my family) that I had made out with her. He knew David liked her. David, pissed from hearing this, asked Christian. Of course she denied it. It never happened, it wasn't true. I was now known as a Liar. She went to church and school with me. I was 13 at the time, so from grade school right on through to high school, if I went to church with you or school, I was a liar. So the one girl I've ever liked now labeled me and to everyone else a liar. My best friend, no longer, because now I'm a liar. This was what happened the first time I ever told another person I had FEELINGS twards someone else. One little bitty crush. Now - No social life. Destroyed. Home life also. Behind the scenes is a literal fucking hell. I liked girls. was being raped by a 300lb+ fat fucking boy. I hated FMC, after my last altercation with him I was close to or at 15. About a year goes by. No girls look at me. Small town. I don't like them, because they hate me, I lie about making out with em. I wanted to have sex though. To be clear, I wanted to fuck. I had been fucked. I wanted to have joy... Just once... So I had a plan. When I was around 16, doing the summer Super Job for my Grandfather, I paid a prostitute for my first sexual encounter that mattered because I wanted to know what sex was like with a woman. When I got back to Northern California after the summer job at gramps, I told my older brother and he called me a liar. I never told him anything personal up until recently because of that. now my family thinks I'm a liar, and hates me to.

&#x200B;

So at this point I am 18 and I fucking hate everyone. My dad also starts developing a mental disorder. He slowly is becoming mentally disabled. I figured, fuck him. Some karma.

&#x200B;

I decide to move out. My cousin, she moves in with me. I was growing weed at the time. Played video games. Didn't think.

She and I connected. She was the first person I ever felt ANY affection for. She didn't want to use me. She didn't want hurt me. She wanted to know why I was hurt. My head at this point of my life is just so fucked I think/confuse that with her romantically liking me. I did my best to sleep with her. She out of guilt, w/e let me. She knew nothing about my past for the most part and we did not grow up together.

I knew her from the age of 1-5, then met her again when she was 17. I, out of the fucked up need to want to be wanted by the ONLY person I actually had confused feelings for manipulated or talked or w/e my cousin into an incestuous relationship. I wanted to kill myself. I kicked her out of the apt. She moved in with my older brother and had a sexual relationship with him for about 3 years. I felt I was the one that fucked her in the head enough to do that.

&#x200B;

I was going to kill myself.

&#x200B;

My grandmother, the great grandfathers daughter had bad arthritis. She was a chef. So I learned to cook and take care of her. I learned that I enjoyed people eating and liking my cooking. This was the first time I felt ANY joy from someone else. People. My grandmother died when I was around 26. she killed her self, the pain was to much. I hate saying this but, I didn't really care. I love her... but I didn't care. At least she wasn't in pain....

&#x200B;

I felt nothing for anyone for a good period of time. No love, no hate.

&#x200B;

So until about the age of 27, I got hit on multiple times. I am not unattractive I guess. I was in 8 physical relationships in my twenties. 2 I sorta developed feelings for. I never asked any of them out. I never once told them I loved them. I never lied to them or cheated. They asked me out, they persude me.  Sex was a chore. I love sex in my head. I love to  masturbate . Watch a healthy amount of porn. But actually having sex..... ugh, I would rather  masturbate  tbh. Everything sex reminded me of two things, the only person I care for and still love like a sister now, my cousin; which makes me sick to my stomach because I felt I manipulated her into doing something horrible, and being raped in the ass by a big fat piece of shit.

With porn at least I can choose any nice loving thing that I want. I like scenes where you can tell there really into each other...  And I don't have to think.

\`

At 28 I was in love for the first time.  Met her at work.

&#x200B;

She started everything. I mean EVERYTHING. She broke up with her boyfriend AT work. Asked me out in front of him the next week. For 6 months she was in a relationship with me, for 6 months I thought we were together. For 6 months her and her old boyfriend who she was in a relationship with for more than 5 years at this point, used me to further his cuckold fantasy. When I found him literally in the closet one night in MY FUCKING APARTMENT that she snuck him into that day at what time I DON'T FUCKING KNOW, jacking off to me fucking his girlfriend who I thought was with me, I flipped out. My life is insane, WTF IS THIS SHIT. Melony thought I was going to kill them. I might've. She left, both naked, with my blanket, peeling out of the parking lot. I quit that job the next day.

&#x200B;

I want to kill myself. Have it planned.

&#x200B;

My father develops a bad health issue, compounded with his now mental age of around 7, his health his slipping. fast.

&#x200B;

I move in with him, the state pays for me to take care of him. I do nothing but play video games and smoke weed. I'm waiting. I tell myself, "When he dies. I go to."

&#x200B;

At 31, I leave the house maybe once a month. My older brother decides he wants to reach out cause I'm a "little" closed off. At the age of 32 He includes me in his hobby. At 34, I turned it into what might now be a carrier. I still take care of my father. I am not so sad anymore.

&#x200B;

I'm 36, I'm doing well at the job I can make into a career. I met someone. Another Co worker. And for the first time, no confusion, I have a full blown crush as an adult. She's nothing special to look at. Not ugly in any way. But my god the personality, her choice in music, so many things in common. Thinking about her makes me smile. She initiated the flirting. We chatted for hours and hours for weeks. This did not happen over night. She has been there for 7 months at this point, and about 2 attached at my hip when she had free time. Also the subjects she would bring up. She was very much flirting. So of course I tell her. No way can I have any regrets.

&#x200B;

So today I come into work and she makes no eye contact and shuts her office door. Witch is not normal. I ask her if I can talk to her about something later at lunch. We get ice cream some times together so I figured that would be the time. She just avoided and left me standing there after I asked if we could talk later. Didn't answer. So I asked her at the end of the day. Told her how I felt, and the last thing that I wanted was for her to feel weird at work.  Then she told me she has some one, and it's "complicated". I am almost positive, she likes another coworker. I see them text each other all the time. Didn't think anything of it till today. The thing is, yesterday I mentioned I might ask her out the next day joking around when I seen the other co worker in the parking lot, the one I think she likes. He doesn't work in the building with us. Hadn't seen or talked to him at all today. He Laughed when he seen me today at the end of the day when we clocked out. Pretty sure he told her the day before, it made so much sense after I thought about it. The way she avoided me.

&#x200B;

She wants nothing to do with me. Went from conversations, her staring at me when she thought I wasn't looking, to her actively avoiding me at work. In just one day. I went from feeling again. I went from finally feeling like I can open up to someone. I even entertained being normal once. I felt again for someone else ONCE MORE. This time it wasn't misplaced I told myself. I should have listened to myself when I told me not to even think like that. because it wont happen. It won't. Never in my life will I ever find someone that wants me for me, not to use me. Never in my life will I want the person that does. I will not be happy.

All I want for my coworker is to be happy. I don't think in any way that anything on both parts was malicious. I think it's just terrible timing. Or this is hell.

&#x200B;

I think I'm done. Thinking about headed to sleep.  I will check tomorrow to see what people have to say if anything... All I know is, I got to feel for once, and what I felt was what people do normally. I couldn't even once in my life have one thing ONE fucking thing normal. I can't be happy I guess. Fuck this world.

UPDATE- I made it home from work. While I was at work I felt comfortable enough to talk a LITTLE to a co - worker. Gave him a little perspective and the day was less award than I thought it would be. he helped just by listening. That being said, she still locked herself in her office all day so there was at least not to much awkwardness. Didn't have lunch with everyone witch is very unusual for me and left a little early so we didn't have to leave together. I just want her to feel comfortable at work. It's not her fault at all. Also everyone at work knows. Everyone including both my bosses thought the same as I did about my co-workers interest in me. One even asked the girl I liked I guess, "how long do you think it will take before you two hook up?". So I guess my mind wasn't playing tricks on me. Just wish she didn't play games. All I know is I can't choose how I feel and I bet she's no different. So I am just going to be myself for right now. Do what I do. Don't think, just do. But fuck, I'm still so fucking tired of being nothing, feeling nothing. At least today I felt like shit =) I mean, that at least is something...  


Another thing I will add is my older brother and I have different fathers and my cousin is not a blood relative of his. 

Post 527: God, I wish I was never born.
Content:
There's nothing that sounds more appealing to me than never having to deal with problems again. I don't care about the little things, I don't care about sunrises and good food and love and travel or anything. I want to stop being conscious, point blank. I'd rather not think or feel anything than aspire to anything. I've wanted to die since I was seven years old, and yeah I've experienced good things in life, but that doesn't change the fact that I'd rather not experience anything, good or bad.

Post 528: Police officer struggling with suicidal thoughts I cannot openly talk about.
Content:
This is a throw-away but I intend on reading responses. I think I just mostly want to type and get things off my chest.

(TLDR; Who can I talk to about my strong desire to kill myself without there being an fear of repercussions?  Every outlet I find wants to know my location or my contact info before they'll talk to me.  I just want to call a suicide hotline who won't trace my call.)

I am 35 years old and live and work in Southern California as a Deputy for the last 10 years; I am no spring chicken.  My wife of 7 years and I have been struggling with infertility for 4 years now. lots of surgery and medication but no end in sight.  The stress of scheduled sex lives has absolutely taken a toll on us.  We're still very much in love, but its not the same.

In July of 2020 I had a fairly "routine" call involving child abuse that kind of pushed me over the edge. after the call I had a mental breakdown and I have been out of work since then.

I take 45mg a day of Buspar (my wife says it doesn't help me... I am not sure), Xanax as needed as prescribed by my DO (I originally took....alprazam? but had a rare side effect and had to stop).  He has asked that I see a psychiatrist but the next avail appointment is mid-January. 

I digress...

Because of my line of work, if I talk about suicide it can be... well... career suicide (no pun intended).  So I keep all these thoughts absolutely bottled up inside and have to act like I am not having them when my therapists asks about it.  My therapist is provided by work and specializes in law enforcement issues, which is nice at times.

I think about killing myself... hourly? I usually wake up 1-3 a night in the middle of a panic attack.  I cannot get away from this pain; its almost a physical pain. I have specific plans on how I would kill myself; the works.  I think about the entire process in detail often.  When I drink I usually come so close to actually doing it that I really fear its only a matter of time until it happens. Which is so ironic to type out.  Clearly I have reservations about killing myself when I am in the right state of mind... but when I am in the wrong state of mind it sounds like a realistic idea. I am physically exhausted from all of this I genuinely want the pain to end and I not seeing any answers on how to make it happen.

I want to talk to someone about this WITHOUT putting my job on the line (being put on a 5150 hold in CA means I cannot carry a gun and therefore... yeah...).  I am so heartbroken and frustrated I just don't know what to do anymore.  Every day seems like groundhog day.  I desperately want my wife to leave me because she deserves better; it would make it a lot easier to end my life if she hated me.  I have completely gotten rid of social media and blocked my parents out of my life for no really good reason.  What a downward spiral the last few months has been.

Who can I talk to about my strong desire to kill myself without there being an fear of repercussions?  Every outlet I find wants to know my location or my contact info before they'll talk to me.  I just want to call a suicide hotline who won't trace my call.  I really think I will end up killing myself within the next few months, but ironically I don't want to talk to anyone who might be able to stop me. This is so backwards.

&#x200B;

Just typing this out if very exhausting and I might go to bed for the night.  Thank you for listening.

Post 529: Nobody genuinely wants to help you in the real world
Content:
If you start getting depressed or lash out, first thing they'll think of you is you are dangerous. They'll look for a solution in mental institutions, medicine, restraining - anything to keep you from doing harm. 

They'll call you selfish for bringing hurt to them by trying to solve your own hurts. To them, you should suffer in silence and never exist.

The stories in the movies, books, etc. are all wrong. Humans are selfish, first and foremost. Jesus does not exist in real life. And no, he will not come to comfort you or understand you in your darkest moments. Nobody will, that's why it's just a myth.

To them, you're just an animal. A human turned into a zombie, that needs to be taken out. Your emotions aren't valid responses to your environment. To them, you are broken.

Post 530: My grandfather said I had big “boobs” and a “good body” when I was in a swimsuit. 
Content:
It’s like my family doesn’t care anymore. They just say “oh it’s just what he does”. But it’s weird. He also used to bully me for being bigger. I lost weight because I forget to eat sometimes. Now he says this shit.

Post 531: What hurts the most is when you really need to call somebody but you have nobody that would want hear you.
Content:
I am SO close to just running away and taking my life somewhere nobody can find me.

If my mother new what's going on inside my head she would have never said those things to me..
she probably doesn't know how close she is bringing me to just ...

And right there in my worst moments I wish there was somebody I could talk to, someone who would just listen, tell me that I'm not failure, not a burden to everyone around me, tell me that I am capable of doing what I love and that it's ok to struggle.
Someone who tells me I'm not worthless and that my thoughts are lying to me.

But there is nobody.
just heavy, dark silence.

no one to hug, no one to just give me their hand, no one to just listen to me, no one that just genuinely cares about me..

just nothing but emptiness

Post 532: High School (more specifically the people at it) makes me suicidal as f*ck.
Content:
Whoever said high school is the best 4 years of your life is so full of shit. I have never met more fake, toxic, useless, worthless people than at my school. Some of these people make it their life mission to make everyone around them as miserable as possible, just for a quick laugh out of their friend group. Fuck I really just want to off myself, but I can't do that to the people around me. Could I just get hit by a car or get terminal cancer or something?? Why the hell am I even forced to go to school??!?! I don't mean to sound like an intellectual or anything, but I have learned loads more useful stuff from just googling shit I'm curious about, than memorizing bullshit in a classroom. Quarantine has been a dream come true, really. I never want this summer to end, every school year just gets worse and worse. It'll be a miracle if i make it through the next 2 years.

Post 533: Got fired for taking a dump
Content:
I worked at health department on contract, I have a bad stomach so every morning after thumbprint and attendance being confirmed I ran to the bathroom to take a dump. Everyone knows because I went every morning for a year included my boss, but on monday my boss had a very bad mood and after I went back to the office room he was like ' where were you huh? ' and I said taking a dump, and then he said well you didn't asked for my permission ( I usually didn't but there was never a problem) and I said I don't see a issue here because go every morning, he got mad because I answered back and fired me, now I have rely on saving during this quarantine.

Country: Malaysia

Edit: 2 week ago I walked in  on him cheating on his wife with his assistant. Maybe he saw me as threat.

Post 534: FFS I can't accept the reality of how society works
Content:
No matter what. How the F do people accept it? It's just a giant working camp, where ruthless gestapo is being praised and prisoners accepted their fate and just live day by day.

Empathy is considered weakness, because profit at all cost is all that matters...

I just can't pull myself by the bootstraps, suck it up and enjoy this dumbshitfuckery. I just can't. 

Checking out early is all I could think of lately.

Post 535: Suicidal Thoughts after I gave myself permanent nerve damage in my penis.
Content:
Around 7 months ago, I found websites and forums that promised penis size increase and attempted to do these techniques and failed horribly. I have lost so much sensitivity for no reason. Everywhere on my penis has arounf 10% sensitivity left and my scrotum's sensitivity is almost all gone aswell. Morning wood is super soft, erections are super soft. I'm only 19 and damaged my penis for life. I'm heading to the doctors next friday, but read all on the internet that nerve damage is permanent. In the last 7 months there have been zero improvement in my penis. I can't sleep anymore and can't tell anyone in my life because this is so embarrassing. I've dropped all my college classes except one and failed that class. This has taken a mental toll in my life and I don't think I can continue any longer. The first time I went to the doctors, they just gave me cialis, if they do it again I think I'm done with life. I can't continue life like this, every time I pee, take a shower, wake up with a weak erection, every time I walk I get reminded with the lack of sensations from my groin, I get reminded that I fucked everything up due to my insecurities. I have shut myself off from the world in the last 7 months. I just stay in bed all day or watch this livestreamer xqc which helps me forget until he ends stream.  I went dead silent in my friend's groupchat ever since this happened, I can't just pop in like I have havent been gone for little over half a year.

I know some will say "you're an idiot for doing this" and you are correct. I wasn't even small, I'm 6 in long with 4.3 in girth . But how can I feel good about my size when I was hit all my life with that I have a small penis stereotype because I am an asian american. The first time I was hit with that stereotype was in 5th grade I remember that girl that said I didn't have a penis because i was asian. That terrified 9 or 10 year old me. Yeah and of course i get hit that stereotype in middle school as well with more stuff like I eat dog and what not. Flash forward to highschool, I'm in the football locker room with my teammates, went to take a piss at the urinals, my douche of a teammate stares at my dick while pissing says I have a pencil dick and tells my other teammates and make more racist jokes. Now flash forward to college during the corona virus shit. Asians getting blamed and shit, I was filling up my gas and this dude yells at me "these small dicked asians ruin everything". I can't say shit except "shut the fuck up bitch". Later stumbled upon penis enlargement exercises and gave myself nerve damage. Your penis is fine they way it is, if it gets hard thats all you need. You shouldn't be turned down by a life partner over your penis size. I've dated 3 girls and none of them complained. I should have felt satisfied from that. If a girl denies you for your size, you dodged a massive bullet, a missile maybe.

If you are self concious about your size, please do not do what I did it's not worth it at all.

Post 536: Everyone wants YOU to do something, but noone wants to help YOU in person.
Content:
That's how it is. It's all a lie, all pretending, all fake.

&#x200B;

If you'll ever go to a psychiatrist...

If you'll ever go to a therapist...

If you'll ever go to a psychologist...

Or even if you ever come across some random on the internet, or in real life...

&#x200B;

They are all smart asses, all knowing, but not even one of them will ever give you a hand. It's like coaching. Giving worthless advice.

&#x200B;

Poor? Get a job.

Sad? Find happiness.

Lonely? Meet people.

&#x200B;

Wow, really? Wow, thank you so much, I didn't know it's that simple! Wow! Thank you my savior. I'll be rich now, happy, and have plenty of friends. I was so stupid, thank you for showing me the way.

&#x200B;

That's the point, that's the key. 32 fucking years, and you dare to say me, do something?!

&#x200B;

"A drowning man will clutch at a straw", but you first need to give them one.

A lot of people could be saved if they had ANYONE by their side, cut the bullshit, and chit chat. If you're not here with me, then just fuck off. I don't need no imaginary fake friends. I wouldn't mind friends with benefits though, at least there would be benefits, obviously.

Post 537: i lost everyone because of a suicide attempt
Content:
i lost my 3 best friends in the entire world because i told 1 (one) of them about how a suicide attempt on thanksgiving lead to me going to the ER and getting treatment. then they all started ignoring me. then individually texted me saying they do not want to be around me nor speak to me. they said my anxiety "takes over all our conversations" and when i have panic attacks and PTSD attacks it stresses them out. these attacks being, of course, something i cannot control and haven't been able to control for the last 4 years we've been a great friend group. they said they can't be friends with someone who tried to kill themselves because it stresses them out too much.

this is high school, obviously. and they're glaring at me and telling other people not to talk to me and talking bad about me and pointing at me and it's just making me more suicidal. someone for the love of god tell me it gets better after high school. if it doesn't, there's a suicide note in my notes app for all of you.

edit: i love this subreddit. thank you to everyone. even just the smallest bit of support makes me calm down enough to think clearly. thank you thank you thank you. you all deserve the most.

P.S. i am in fact a 17 year old girl not a guy but i get the confusion <3

  
EDIT 6 MONTHS AFTER ISSUE: so, update. it took 6 months, but i'm in a slightly better place with the girls i talked about. i've never gotten an apology, and i'm still hurt, but i forgive them immediately BECAUSE i'm in high school and i HAVE to spend time with them, so i might as well not be dreading every day.

my main friend i lost was given a personalized note by me after we closed our run of footloose at our school. she then, a few days later, hugged me for a very long time and kept repeating that she really liked the note. i'm now unblocked and not terrified to speak to her or be around her anymore, so that's a HUGE help with MY mental health. i've known her for years and apologies are not something she has done or ever WILL do, but instead it's little gestures like laughing at my jokes, offering to take pictures of me when i look cute, and grabbing my hands when she wants to talk to me. in an ideal world i would tell her that we're not going to be friends until i am apologized to. but i need to survive without hating my life every day.

the second good friend i lost just kind of fell back into easy rapport with me. she was the one i know was being manipulated into staying away from me. 

the third one is one i know has continued shit talking me and making (very vague) things up about me. i'm super stressed about that still because i just want to be in a good standing with all of my peers, but a friend of mine reminded me recently that this is all PROGRESS, and that reminder makes me endlessly happy.

  
to you all, THANK YOU. i am shocked i didn't have another attempt on my life in these past few months. coming back to these comments and reminders was a safe space for me. thank you.

Post 538: Please feel free to keep scrolling. Find happiness and peace, my friends.
Content:
I think I'm finally ready. I've hurt too many people and I want it to stop. I'm a monster. I just want to keep everyone safe, but I'm covered in the blood of those I love. I know this will probably be ignored, but I just want to keep people safe. I want to finally eliminate the problem. the reason I'm posting here is because of a promise I made. But if this doesn't take...I think I'm ready. Normally I wouldn't say so much, but I don't know what else I could say. I've attempted suicide a few times and failed, and contemplated since i was very little, so I know I can do it right this time. I'm sorry that I'm like this.

If you read this, feel free to keep scrolling. Please don't be like me. I just want you to know that you are loved, you are valid, you deserve the space you take up, and your feelings matter. They are not something to ignore or be tossed away. You deserve to be heard. I love you and cherish you no matter who you are or where you are from or what you've been through. Please try to take care of yourself. Do the small things, even if you don't feel much like them. Take a walk, drink some tea, read a book, find peace in the rain, and smiles in the sunshine. Be careful where you let your mind trod, and please reach out if you need help. I love you, you are not alone in your feelings, and you can make it through this. Do not follow me, please, for I walk a lonely road. Please take care of yourself.

Post 539: WHEN YOU ARE MENTALLY ILL, NO ONE CARES ABOUT YOU. THE BIGGEST GASLIGHT OF OUR AGE IS BLAMING SICK PEOPLE FOR BEING SICK. i will die alone.
Content:
I will die alone. Hurt this, I dont really care. I have no reason to keep going. I'm out af

Post 540: AM I THE ONLY ONE WHOSE NOT EXCITED FOR UPCOMING DECADE??
Content:
I really feels so sad. I tried to do some hobbies and play games. 

I feel so tired hanging out with people. Reasons why I don’t want to celebrate Christmas and New Year anymore. For me, it feels like bullsh*t faking your HAPPINESS.

Post 541: Im Alive. But I'm not Living.
Content:
I'm present. 
I'm physically here.
And that's where it ends.

Post 542: The only thing I look forward to every day is going to sleep.
Content:
Everyday feels like I’m living on autopilot The only time I feel nothing and escape reality is when I’m asleep sometimes I wish I can just sleep forever.

Post 543: I asked last Saturday if "Anyone there" ? You answered. Thank you. I was half way through my suicide attempt.
Content:
I was on this site last week and need someone that I didn't know.  I'm not doing well lately. I have a toxic abusive relationship, I cannot find a shrink to save my life (Literally. ha), I'm going through a divorce, my soul mate died (dog), I'm having to move states, find work, find a new home, and am living with my parents as of my psychiatric hospital release the day before yesterday.

I had been half way through, and had 2 methods essentially.  I took a medication to make it so I wasn't scared to do it. In the closet I was in, I had my phone, I'd already filled out my suicide note, and dictated in my legal will and burial details what needed to be done. I wanted to go forward.  I can't now, but think if it were again ... I would have not called for help but just let one of the methods run its course and go to sleep. I wouldn't wake up again. I am still ok with that idea.

I stood in the closet and had a fraction of a second that I was sobbing trying to pump myself up and asked if anyone was here.  It didn't save my life, but it gave me a second to think that wasn't thinking about the problem, it was writing and reading. I put \*\*\* \*\*\* down. I called my husband (STBX) and was taken by ambulance.  I was put in a hospital for a 5 day week and am now at my parents house. Everything is locked up, I have no access to anything. I don't have my car. I'm safe.

but Thank you. I wanted to tell someone what happened. I need to feel less confused about it and why or if I'm a risk, or if I'm being dramatic. I can't tell. But I can't talk about it at home. I'm sad and embarrassed to be here.  


Edited to remove specific methods of suicide attempt.

Post 544: the suicide accempt that made my life even more of a living hell
Content:
so I've been depressed for about 5 years now, been self harming ever since I were 11 years old and would be turning 16 soon.

last fall, one sunday I woke up, maybe ate something(I can't remember very well anymore) and watched Naruto. I really liked the series and still do but after some episodes I just, put my tablet I was watching it on down and laid in my bed, feeling numb.

then I took a shit ton of painkillers. I had tried killing myself maybe even hundreds of times before so I didn't care if it failed but I wished I could finally die.
As my legs started going numb and shaking a bit, I wanted to say goodbye to my friends im our discord group and they got tired of my shit and called me an ambulance, which arrived soon and took me to the nearest hospital which was about 1,5hours away.

in there, some doctor came to ask me about my suicidal intentions and after that my parents came crying to the room and I couldn't even look at them knowing they were so dissapointed in me. my dad was home and mom was at work while the ambulance arrived.

when the ambulance arrived, by the way, they made me drink a huge bottle of carbon mixed with water, apparentaly to stop the painkillers from spreading any further into my body.

after a long evening in the hospital, they just sent me straight to a psych ward. I was in there for a month (while in suicide watch, I think).

my time in the psych ward was okay, I got friends and I met my current girlfriend in there, but my family never acts the same around me anymore. My parents still keep checking my room every 30 minutes to see if I'm okay and always ask questions like "are you upset?" or "you aren't gonna do anything stupid again are you?" and so on. I rarely even get any private space anymore. In school people look at me disgusted, probably because rumours about my suicide accempt have been spreading around. i skip almost all of my classes, sometimes I just sit im the schools restroom floor, staring down or go to the library to read books about suicide and death.

needless to say, my grades are dropping really fast. I always knew I had no future, but now it's certain. I wish my accept last fall would've worked and I would be dead now. my family is dissapointed in me and has given up on me. I live on meds and without them I'd probably starve myself to death, but I want more of a painless and quicker way to go.

I should just die, what the hell. but how.

thank you for listening to me if you did, I apperciate it


2023 EDIT: I'm fine now. my medicines changed and they helped me a lot

Post 545: I'm not safe.
Content:
I'm not safe in a subreddit about my own mental illness. I'm not safe in my head. I'm not safe here. No matter what, I'm not safe. And I'm fucking done

Post 546: I told my mom for the first time that I tried to commit suicide
Content:
She yelled at me, then I told her that I'm sure I have depression, she doesn't believe and I can't stop crying.

Post 547: I quit.
Content:
I quit. 

I can’t do this anymore. The world has gone to shit. My life is a mess. I can’t keep going anymore. 

I have no career prospects. No skills. No savings. No real home. No hobbies. No friends. There’s nothing to do and nothing to live for anymore in my life. Nothing to plan or to hope for. I’m not going anywhere and I’m sick of pretending that one day, somehow my hard work will pay off, because it never does and it never will. Fuck it all. 

My partner is a fucking nightmare to be with and is totally self absorbed and unsupportive. And swings wildly between a neurotic stoner who looses it like a skittish racehorse incapable of negating basic daily life or totally callous and cold and removed. No in between. She completely sabotages EVERYTHING I try to do for myself because she’s to fucking lazy and content with living like shit to make a change in her own life and ruins any resemblance of order I try to make for myself. 

I hate my shitty life. I hate the cunts I have to sit on the phone and “play nice with” selling shit they don’t need all day while being screamed at day in day out for less than minimum wage. I am rejected from every “good” job filtered and processed by AI I and pretend I want just so I can have a basic rate of pay that is financially viable enough to live off or god forbid, save. I looked at my CV the other day and I might as well have said, “fuck me up the arse for money” and I would have had better offers. At least then I wouldn’t feel so bad when inevitable some faceless corporation comes to emotionally, physically and financially fist fuck me in the name of profit margins and wildly conflicting agendas. At least I wouldn’t be so fucking surprised.

Everyday of my life is just one big joke. I put one foot forward and it’s just straight into the next biggest pile of dog shit. Constantly wading through piles of the next worst day of my life to the next. Pretending like one day it will be better but one day never comes.

I’m ugly, I’m fat and unemployable and scratch a bare minimum of making do throughout it all. Everything I love fucks up in the end and I hate where it’s gotten me. The vapid swirling vortex of fuck all. The purgatory of wearing this fucking mask, pushing boulders, breaking my back, tearing my nerves to shreds by the handful. Grating my bones to brittle twigs for some fat lazy cunt to get rich off of who doesn’t even know I’m alive. 

Then there’s the fucking world going to fuckkery... Honestly tell me what the point would even be anymore if I carried on and if by some miracle should somehow be falling out of my ass, why bother? Pretty much everyone is dying of this fucking virus or moronically trying to spread it further with their woowoo fucking cunt faced conspiracy shit or out of sheer ignorance desperate to give one another a death sentence via coughing fit. Even if that should somehow be solved within the next 6-8 months, the worlds still fucked and passed the point of no return, waiting for the seas to boil the life out of them, the ice caps to melt, the animals to rot from inside out and the world to goatse itself into a complete inhospitable prolapsed wasteland or, at best to wander around crippled by its change and ravage with mask and life support donned, picking our way through the mess for scraps.

Fuck me, even if the world doesn’t fuck us up, the socio-economic buggery will be the equivalent of throwing a brick into the middle of a crowded bar fight. Police and totalitarianism on the horizon, double speak, riots, food shortages, poverty, fake news, social unrest, the slump of everyday life as we know it cracking its skull on the wall behind and dribbling from its mouth as it sinks to its fucking knees.

I don’t even feel good about having kids anymore... What’s the point? Their lives will probably be worse off than my own. Maybe they too will bemoan and rue my “millennial” generation for their selfish, narsasstic, self-titled “irony”. Maybe they’ll find it in their hearts to forgive a generation of people who’s entire golden existence gave them the gift of the word “selfie” and social media that harvests their data for shady governments. Maybe they can overlook the fact that I cant afford to send them to school or home them in a house and feed them because I simply can’t make enough. 

What will I tell them when the end finally comes and they ask me “What did you do to stop all of this?”... What will I say, “oh yes darling I know we now live in a filthy pile of rags under a bin in a environmental nightmare but we had banksy make up a load of pithy little tee shirts to raise awareness and subtly undermine the futility of the modern world. Isn’t that great?!” And then we can all die from a poison gas cloud melting our lungs into grape jelly.

So what’s the point? 

Honestly? Can anyone give me a fucking reason because at this point, I KNOW it doesn’t get better or easier. I KNOW that my life will just be one lurch of shit to another. I KNOW that none of this can get any better for me, I’m ready to quit. 

I have some beta blockers and a beer, I don’t want to sit around and wait anymore. 

I can’t do this. I can’t hold on. I can’t make it better. It just doesn’t go that way for me and I hate it. I don’t want to suffer anymore and be stuck poor and making do anymore. I can’t. Everyday I am stuck inside and just waiting for the courage to not be a pussy and eat all the meds I have. Who knows I’ll probably fuck that up in the end too.


Edit/Update: 

Hello dear gentle people who heard me and gave me such kindness when I was so low and lost. 

I am alive and yesterday morning I woke up, quit my shitty job and with the day finally to myself, I did something that I didn’t actually ever consider I would do being dyslexic and generally very pessimistic... I wrote a short story. 

Now it’s probably just all purple prose and rambling and dog shit but I was so moved and inspired by all of your sweet remarks of my rants that for once in my miserable little life I believed in me. I finished something, I saw fit to try for once. 

My partner is still an absolute cunt and so completely far up her own arse she might be wearing herself as a hat. I believe now this is probably because of her addictions or her god awful personality that metronomes quickly from toxic, incompetent and dumb to victim mindset mired in lack  of the cursed sickness “melodram-pathetism” and not ever changing. 

For the moment I’m still with her. She’s still emotionally distant and completely unself aware. I will see where this goes but I don’t have a huge amount of hope for her. I have a separate bank account so might indeed save up to get my own place away from everyone including her, even as a temporary measure. I am acutely aware of how little time I have really had all to myself and how little control I have in my life and it has become very clear, almost painfully so, that if she doesn’t care for me then I think she shall not fight for me. 

Until that point. I want to write. I feel like I need to live for something and that my writing can help. If anyone has and tips or pointers for assistance for where and how I can share my work I would be eternally grateful. 

Thank you all for helping me, and to all of those who reached out to me and found themselves in the same curled, gnarled words I put up here; I am only too sorry that there should be others that have to feel in that same way. Which is probably much more saddening than my rant in itself really, that so many more like me feel that way. I’m sorry you have also felt like this. I wish you all the very best and thank you again for your warmth and love. 

Take care.

Post 548: Every time I go to sleep I hope I don't wake up
Content:
Hopefully it happ sooner than later

Post 549: I don’t think I will make it through this year
Content:
It is kinda comforting to think that I could be gone. I just don’t see a way out of this depression.

Post 550: Wish I could go to sleep and not wake up
Content:
My conditions are making life unbearable. I cry all the time. I can’t kill myself so I just want to go to sleep tonight and never wake up.

Post 551: "I used to be like you! But I got better! it's possible!"
Content:
Yeah, possible for you. Not for me.

I find it so hypocritical when people preach that every person is special and unique in their own way, and then turn around and say "I managed to do this, that means you can too!". I don't understand how no one else realizes how contrary to eachother these two statements are.

Talking to people about wanting to kill myself just makes me want to do it MORE after the talk because of this kind of crap. Shut up and atleast have some empathy. You're supposed to put yourself in *my* shoes, not myself in *your* shoes.

Post 552: "suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem"
Content:
I don't get it, it's a permanent solution which means you won't have any other problems. If it works it works, it's still a solution.

Post 553: If I could do it with a 100% success rate I wouldn’t second guess it
Content:
I’m so fucking tired of everyone gaslighting me into believing that living is worth it. Seriously, I’m so sick of the only thing stopping me being the fear of surviving an attempt. I’ve planned it around 3 times and always go back and don’t even try. I can’t take it anymore I’m so angry. I’m not even depressed anymore I’m furious at the world, at everyone. At all the people that keep saying it’s worth it, at all the people that have disappointed me in one way or another. I’m tired of all this bullshit.

Post 554: i think my online friend killed himself
Content:
idk what to do its been 9hrs and still no replies i sent so many texts and calls every few hrs. im almost certain he did it i know his location and thought abt calling up an ambulance but if he turns out fine,, me doing it will literally ruin his life,, idk anymore. should i wait?? im getting impatient. fuck.


edit: he hasnt replied,, not a word. rn im waiting for one of his irl friends to reply,, if anything i'll ask them to call up a local hospital. thank u for ur concerns !!

update: HE REPLIED !!

Post 555: When you come to the conclusion that suicide is logical.
Content:
Nobody can help me. At this point I just want the suffering to stop. Everything I do is not enough.
I feel horrible and suffocating in my own thoughts every day.
How disgusting I am, how unlovable I am, how unworthy. 
I can't do this any longer. This is simply not enough to justify existing

Post 556: I tried to hang myself and I’m not handling it well
Content:
Yesterday I tried to hang myself from a bridge with a belt and when I jumped I instantly regretted it. I fought with all my strength to hold on to the rail, but the belt was chocking me. I tried screaming for help but my voice was too hoarse for anyone to hear me. Eventually my arms gave out and I started to dangle and suffocate. I saw people in my life that had died and I saw all the great memories of my life flash before my eyes. Right as I was about to “go out” my leg began to swing up and reached a ledge. It was my last strength. I pulled myself up with my remaining core strength and leg strength so that I was parallel with the bridge. This gave me room to breath again. I swung my arm up and around the rail so that I could attempt to take the belt off and I knew I only had one shot at this. I was successful, but my body gave out after the belt was free and I dropped into the water. The next day (or today) I have been reliving the moments that seemed to be my final moments and other PTSD symptoms and I’m not sure how I can deal with it. Anyone have anything that could help?

Post 557: I tried hanging myself yesterday and gave up as I started to fade
Content:
I was so close. I was beginning to fade but my brain stopped me. I want to just cry but I can’t even do that anymore. I’m so tired of living with depression and anxiety, working a shitty job. I can’t do anything right in life. I can’t even kill myself right. 

God I’m so pathetic.

Post 558: I’m sorry I wasn’t strong enough to stay until the end. Bye
Content:
[update](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/fnbhgx/im_alive/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)

Post 559: do people not realize "you realize so and so has it worse right?" is the most shitbag excuse ever?
Content:
just because i have it better than someone else doesnt mean i cant have feelings or be sad. yes, i may have it better, but that doesn't automatically mean i can't feel shit. weirdest excuse i have ever heard in my entire life.

Post 560: It’s crazy how some people will live their entire lives without ever considering suicide
Content:
Life truly is unfair

Post 561: i almost killed myself
Content:
but i didn’t. 

yay? i guess?

i almost drove off the cliff. i was so close to doing it. but i sat in my car and i screamed, 

“JUST GO HOME. JUST GO HOME. JUST GO HOME. JUST GO HOME.”

until i made it home. and then i sat in my driveway and sobbed.

when i went inside, i broke down in front of my roommates and had a severe panic attack and my roommate just rubbed my back and helped me breath.

the next day, my best friend took me out to eat. i told her i almost did it. and she said “i could tell a few days before that you were off. and i didn’t say anything. i’m sorry, i should have. i didn’t want you to feel like i was smothering you.” 

but it just meant a lot that she noticed and that i could talk to her about it. 

i have a great support system, but i’m just living with this mental illness. it hurts. my life is so good, but i’m just sick.

Post 562: I wish someone would shoot me to death.
Content:
This morning my dad went on a rant about how people who don't add anything to society should die. All I could think about is how that's just me. I'm useless. I'm unwanted. I might not be a convicted criminal, but I'm definitely never going to be useful to society. 

I don't agree with him in any other case, but in my case... Yeah. I should be killed. 

I can't get enough courage to do it myself, but I still very much want it to happen. 

I can't see a day when I'll not be like this. Useless and suicidal. These are just two things that I'm meant to be. I don't want to be them, but here I am. 

Kill me please.

Post 563: Depression ruined my personality and my mind
Content:
Edit: If you see this please switch to the “new” filter on the sw homepage and refresh, and comment on those latest posts. You might just be the help they need! Thank you everyone for reaching out and making me feel less alone. I’m overwhelmed by all the positive responses. I guess not all people are malicious after all. Keep spreading the love ❤️

Depression made me dumb, uninteresting, made me stop reading books, made me stop learning, caused me to spend days like a zombie, caused me amnesia, literally caused my brain to shrink. But the worst was the effect it had after 15 years of fucking my brain. Now I lost my mind. Now i lost that quirky weird fun personality. Now i have lost the cultured nerd that i used to be. I had to grow up getting bullied for being a nerd, for being weird, for not poisoning my mind with mindless activities and TV.

Then I grew up and I lost all of those qualities that were supposed to make me have a cool life and cool friends finally. I wanted to be in the art community, going to talks and book readings and exhibitions and come back from it open a bottle of wine and drink it around the aged wooden table which stands in the middle of the living room that is surrounded by weird and classic paintings, contemporary sculptures and talk about philosophy. I was supposed to be the cultured smart weird but interesting guy. I WAS THAT GUY. I was born to be that guy.

But depression fucked me. And for the past 5 years I had set the goal to become that person again. The real me. But i have not only failed but I have rotten even further. Depression is a disease and has to be dealt with early on, otherwise there's no point in living like a half vegetable, high on antidepressants during the day and sleeping while on benzos at night.

I lost 2 women I truly loved due to my depression. Due to them thinking that I was that cultured smart creative and deep thinker, only to find out I had nothing to talk about, I wasn't able to form arguments, wasn't able to debate on topics, hadn't read many books, didn't know anything about art or culture and was simply boring and dumb to them. It's my worst nightmare come true. People ditching and telling me I'm uninteresting. This was NOT SUPPOSED TO BE my life. I deserved to be loved and experience that love with her after years of patience, years of pain and sorrow. I persevered. I don't accept this anymore. I tried to change but it doesn't work. I can't read anymore. My brain is fucked and I've literally lost so many IQ points that i don't understand what people tell me. My brain is too slow. And while reading i forget the sentences i read after a couple of seconds so I can't connect them and comprehend the story. I live in the moment. I can only hold 5 seconds of life in my mind. I lost my creativity. My ability to imagine and see while my eyes are closed.

Oh my god we would have been so perfect for each other. She is my female version. I am her. And she is exactly the person I wanted to be. Maybe that's why I love her so much. And as mad and hurt as I am for the way she treated me, I really can't blame her for not wanting me. I wouldn't want this "me" either. But it hurts so much because i know how i used to be. I know how my life would have turned out without the depression. Its so fucking painful. A family member killed himself a couple of years ago and that was less painful. It was shocking but this daily constant pain, this living through my nightmares is unbearable.

&#x200B;

I have become a stupid dumb ass uncultured loser and i deserve to die. I deserve my peace. This is not me. You can have my life. I don't want it anymore. I am in hell and I want this to end.

Post 564: So this is how it ends (an Adult suicide)
Content:
Let me be clear. I am not 18. Or 16. Or 21. I am 39, soon to be 40. I had a great life.  Then I lost my job. Then I lost my house. Then my friends. Then  freedom and independence. I am now the stereotypical loser living with their parents. No job. No life. No happiness.

The crazy thing about suicide is that rarely does it come out of the blue.   It's a buildup of a lot of stuff.  
I wouldn't say all of this is my fault. The job market and economy is crap. I could work minimum wage again, but honestly when you have nothing to look forward to this is what happens.  America has gotten rough.

Take this story as a cautionary tale. Get help when you are younger. The older you get, the harder it is to change your thought patterns. Depression and Anxiety got to me, and have won. 30 years ago they didnt have the treatment and awareness they have now.  There is hope for you younger adults.

Too late for me. I screwed up too many times. While my classmates got married and rose up the ladder, I kept pace until 6 months ago.  Life throws curveballs like this, but it knocked me down and frankly nobody cares. I got left in the dust by my friends. My parents pity me while my siblings have great lives. The worse part about being suicidal is people filling you with false hope so you will shut up and leave them alone.

I had some good times, some bad times, and sad times in life. But depression and anxiety won the war while I won some battles. I did the best I could.

I hope that this can help someone so they dont end up like me.  Work hard, listen to your peers, dont burn bridges. Get therapy and medication right away if yoh are struggling.  Don't end up like me. Dying is tragic but having a really pathetic life before dying is even worse.

May others find happiness that I could not on this Earth.  

Xxxxxx

Post 565: I'm addicted to the idea of not existing anymore
Content:
It makes me feel calm, it makes me remember that, eventually, it will all end. See, I've been thinking about suicide since I was 15/16, I'm 26 and this is part of me. I'm bipolar, I have so many demons inside my head, even with meds and therapy, sometimes it's unbearable and then I start a travel inside my mind, where I think about the idea of not existing, I won't be here. The pain, the traumas, I'll become just a memory...But I also have to leave the good things behind, like my favorite music, movie, my cats...It hurts, it's like I'm running out of air for years, suicide is there, it is an option, the final one...At the end of the day I just want to quiet my mind, that's all I need.

&#x200B;

Sorry, just needed to write about this...and I think this is a safe place.

Edit: I'm glad some people can relate to this, we'll be okay, eventually. One day this will all end and we won't need to use suicide as an exit. Always remember that.

Post 566: My only goal in life is to earn enough money to repay my parents then kill myself
Content:
Don't get me wrong, my parents are good. Too good. I have had a good life. Better than I deserve. I may be young, but I know that I am going nowhere. I have no dreams, no goals, nothing. One day I just lost the will to live and just distracted myself with books and short term goals. I studied hard and worked hard, competed in inter school competitions and such, only to get a feeling of dread at the new expectations instead of joy at my success. I still hope its a phase, but its been 5 years now, and if the rest of my life is going to be like this, might as well end it early. I never had friends and intentionally distance myself to people. I know that I will never get a relationship. I know that if I did get a relationship, I will ruin it. I can just see my life being a trainwreck, and just wish I can get out.

Post 567: WHY CAN'T I JUST FUCKING DO IT!
Content:
I WANT TO DIE BY TOMORROW. PLEASE KILL ME, I CAN'T BARE LIVING ANYMORE!

Post 568: Have you ever been stuck in a cycle of “I want to live and give a big fuck you to people who kicked me when I was down,” to “I want to kill myself to prove a point” to “nobody gives a shit about me enough for either of those things to happen?”
Content:
I am leaning far more towards the last two. 

Post 569: Do y'all also feel like you don't want to be a part of this sick disgusting society
Content:
HOLY SH*T IM DONE WITH EVERYONE AND EVERYTHING

Post 570: Depression has killed my brain
Content:
Literally.

I can't learn or understand new things. I dont even understand basic and simple shit. It's so fucking frustrating, especially when people call me out for the retarded shit that I do and I can't even understand that. I can't do anything anymore. My life is completely devoid of meaning.

I'm thinking about dying, but I just dont know yet.

Post 571: Planning my suicide makes me feel almost euphoric
Content:
I feel like I am completely losing my mind now. I have been dealing with so much resurfacing childhood trauma lately and I am dissociating heavily. Last night I went to bed praying for God to kill me in my sleep, and the thought of it actually happening made me feel so calm and content. I woke up multiple times during the night in complete panic and everytime I woke up I just started praying for God to kill me when I fall asleep again. 

I almost did it myself a few months ago, but I was able to resist the urge and stick around a little longer. I planned everything and I still have that exact same plan in my mind. I have the equipment and I can do it whenever, but I seriously am trying to fight the urge. It's tough. 

I felt better in the morning but during the day I have started to dissociate more and more, and right now as I am writing this, I have no clue what the fuck is even going on. I don't even know if what I'm writing makes sense, but I am trying my hardest. All I can think of right now is death. The thought of taking my own life gets me full of excitement and makes me feel almost complete euphoria. I held the rope in my hand today and just couldn't stop smiling. I tried tying the rope around my neck and adding a little pressure, and I loved the feeling of not being able to breathe and my ears starting to ring. Not being able to think. I have a red mark around my neck from it. I have been suicidal since I was a kid ( my mom even told me that she once found a suicide note I wrote when I was 7-8 years old ) but I have never been this close to actually doing it. I have swallowed some pills in the past but nobody knows about it and I know that I really wasn't ready to die back then so I wasn't trying seriously. 

The more the years pass, the more suicidal and unstable I become. Taking my own life doesn't feel like a fantasy anymore, it feels like a reality that is going to happen sooner or later. It doesn't even scare me in the slightest anymore, I have just come to accept it.

Post 572: I'm deciding not to take my life.
Content:
I feel like shit, I'm broke, I'm failing and I'm depressed, but fuck it, I'm not killing myself, I'm gonna workout every single day until i become a bodybuilder, and I'm gonna just fight this battle.

Post 573: I’m going to kill myself after I give birth
Content:
I (20F) have been with my boyfriend (21M) for 2.5 years, and he has made it clear he wants kids from the beginning. I’m diagnosed with autism and was always pretty firm on not wanting kids, but he made me feel like we would be able to handle it together if we had kids, so slowly over time I came around to the idea.

A year and a half ago, I got pregnant but we were in a bad financial position, so I had an abortion early on. It was a mutual agreement, and I moved past it pretty easily, but he was really torn up about it. I told him when we’re able to bring a kid into the world, we would go through with it.

Since then I’m making a lot more money and he also has a job now. Back in January of this year, I found out I’m pregnant, and expected to deliver at the end of August. He was very excited and told me he wanted me to keep it, and although for the longest time I didn’t want kids, I genuinely saw a future with this man and thought having a kid together was a beautiful thing.

Sometime in the last two months, he has gone from being excited about the baby— sharing ultrasound pictures, wanting to make sure I’m drinking enough water and eating enough for me and the baby— to not wanting this kid at all. He told me he realized he’s not ready for kids, and he’s not willing to “throw his whole life away” for one kid. He realized he doesn’t want to give up his own personal freedom and playing video games all day/not having any major responsibilities. Don’t get me wrong, those are all reasons I didn’t want to have kids in the first place and I communicated that to him, but back in January, he talked me into changing my mind because I thought “I love this man, we can actually support this child now, and my love is so strong that I want to start a family”.

Now he’s giving me my options. We’re saving up for our own place, and my parents have money, so they let us stay at their house and we have our own bedroom and living room. They are EXTREMELY excited and supportive about a grandchild. I’m so grateful for them. But my bf says either he’s leaving once the baby is here and I have to be a single mom, we have to give the baby up for adoption and get kicked out by my parents, or to stage an accident to cause a late miscarriage and say it was a mistake. I’m pro choice but I’m 28 weeks pregnant, and he(the baby) moves around a lot, this is a real baby, nothing like the abortion I had at 6 weeks. I’m not a monster.

But I only changed my mind about kids because I thought we were going to do this together, he wanted it so bad. Now he’s completely flipped and talks about how unwanted this baby is for him and how he should have never convinced me to keep the pregnancy. I thought maybe he was just scared and he wasn’t good at showing it, but he’s made it clear he wants nothing to do with raising a child. Without a partner to co parent with, I would have never wanted this kid. I don’t want this kid to grow up with a regretful single mom or a dad who doesn’t want him.

My boyfriend says he loves me and wants nothing bad to happen to me, but I can’t raise a kid by myself. I don’t think I’m high functioning enough to do it without the other parent, but everyone tells me I’ll be an amazing mother. But my baby deserves so much better than me. No one is going to want to date and marry an autistic single mom who’ll never be able to drive. I thought I was super lucky with my boyfriend, and now I feel so blindsided.

Once my baby is born, I’m going to kill myself. My boyfriend can find someone to move in with, he’d have to anyway if he’s going to leave once the baby is here anyway. I’m saving up money and buying lots of baby items so it isn’t as big of a financial burden to my parents. My parents are amazing people and tell me I can live at home with the baby as long as I would like, so I feel comfort knowing they’ll have my baby to remember me by, and my son will have such a loving household.

I can’t tell anyone this, so I came here to get this off my chest. I’m going to cherish the last two months I have with my boyfriend and my family. I never wanted to be a single mom, and I can’t bare to think about seeing my baby every day and him looking like my boyfriend, thinking how he’s gone back on his word hurts so bad. I would’ve just had another abortion and looked into better birth control if he had realized he didn’t want kids back then. We could have been a happy childfree couple. I hope when my son is older, he’ll understand. 

Post 574: THE ONLY REASON I'M ALIVE IS BECAUSE I'M PROCRASTINATING ON KILLING MYSELF
Content:
I just had this thought. Pretty funny. "Once I finish xyz, I'm checking out."

Post 575: Every time I get the slightest bit of motivation I get hit by reality like a ton of bricks
Content:
Basically what the title says, sometimes I get a bit of motivation to maybe improve my life for once, then I do a bit of research and get a bit suicidal and depressed again. Start over with the research and get hit by reality, and how everything sucks, like a ton of bricks, ready to fucking end it.

Post 576: I don’t even cry anymore when I brainstorm ways to kill myself.
Content:
It’s been so long...

Post 577: I hope I die in my sleep
Content:
I can’t take this anymore

Post 578: I wish I was dead
Content:
I wish I was dead I wish I was dead I wish I was dead I wish I was dead I wish I was dead I wish I was dead I wish I was dead I wish I was dead I wish I was dead I wish I was fucking dead

Post 579: I’d rather kill myself than work on myself and change
Content:
I know it’s pathetic but this is my true feeling recently. I just don’t want to change but I am miserable.  Don’t have any ambitions or goals. I’m also a recluse at this point. I wish I had aspirations that motivated me to do something

Post 580: I turned out to be everything I didn't want to be
Content:
25 year old never had a girlfriend before (virgin). 

Unemployed with no foundation for a career despite my attempts. 

Friendless. No one to share my life with other than those on Reddit.

I had potential. Now, I am going backwards, not forward.

Post 581: I can't believe normal people just don't want to kill themselves.
Content:
I literally can't comprehend it, that people don't spend day in and day out trying to find the courage to end their own life, that they're actually satisfied with themselves, their lives. Not being on the constant brink of breaking down and wanting to die is a completely foreign concept to me. So weird.

Post 582: Best friend killed himself, I want to join him
Content:
My best friend killed himself at the end of September, and I still can't handle it. I'm 28/f, and he was 30/m.

He was the most amazing person I had ever known, and he told me once last June about his plans to commit suicide. I tried to support him, but he killed himself months afterwards. I know that, as I was at the time, I couldn't be the reason he would want to live, but it hurts so much that he left me. He was the only one who would or could help.

I called him crying very late one night, when he had a test the next day at 8 a.m., and he came over and spent the night with me and then took his test on two hours of sleep, and aced it because he was a genius. How am I ever going to find a guy like him again? I loved him, but I never told him, and he died all alone, feeling like he was unloved.

I've cried every night since he died, wishing I could join him in death. I can't feel anything for anyone else. He made me feel beautiful and loved and cared for in a way I never thought was possible. Now he's gone...forever. I'm such a failure. I failed him. I never made him feel like he made me feel. He used to put his hand on my cheek, and tell me that I was the most beautiful and perfect girl in the world to him. Now, I pretend my pillow is his hand as I cry myself to sleep.

I failed him. I was insecure and had intimacy issues, and I never told him how he was the most beautiful man in the world. He was everything. He had led such a hard and tragic life, but still he found the strength in himself to take care of everyone he cared for, including me. When I told him my father had sexually abused me, I expected him to run for the door. Instead, he held me and told me that he accepted me and loved me no matter what, and that I was still beautiful to him. I'm sobbing, remembering the unconditional love he gave me.

I can't exist without him. I reach my arms out into the air sometimes when I'm trying to fall asleep, hoping I can feel his arms around me again. Why didn't I tell him that I loved him? Why did I assume I would see him again? I feel so guilty. I just want to feel his love again, and to smell him as he hugs me. He gave the best hugs in the world.

I just want to die and be with him again. I want to tell him that I love him.

Shane...I love you. I'm so sorry you died alone, and that I wasn't there. I'm sorry you died feeling like no one loved you, because I do. If only I had shown you what was in my heart, maybe you would have stayed. I'm sorry. I love you with all of my heart. I know you wanted me to live, but I can't without you. You were the only one for me, but I was too stupid to let you in. I'll see you soon, my love, which is the first time I've called you that.

- Cassie

Post 583: I wanna kill myself 
Content:
I'm 15 and I did a very stupid thing, me and a girl from my class were "dating" while texting she told me to send explicit photos I rejected at first but she kept insisting and I eventually did, she has shared those photos with her friend group and they are now threatening me with the photos and how they would share them with people if i didn't do what they ordered, a few days ago they told me to do sexual things with them I said no they are now threatening me on how they're gonna tell people I raped one of them. I don't wanna do this anymore i wanna kill myself but I don't want to be an embarrassment to my parents please help me I don't know what to do I'm an absolute mess


Post 584: I hate being autistic
Content:
Everything I do is wrong no matter how hard I try. I've spent my entire life trying to be normal. It's agonizing, every social move you make fake, rehearsed. But it doesn't work. It doesn't fucking work because I was born different. I'll never be like them. People.

Today, several made fun of me for being alone. Just trying to breathe. I wasn't even talking to anyone and I still found a way to fuck up socially. No one is ever going to accept me simply because I wasn't born like them. And there's nothing I can do about it. Nothing I can do. Someone can work on social anxiety, but I can't work on getting over my fucking AUTISM.

Everything I've ever done since I was born has been wrong, and I'm sick of it. I want to drown myself in a bathtub. Someone cried to me today. I tried to comfort them. I only made it worse. They thought I was trying to hurt them. That's how bad I am at showing sympathy. This isn't the first time. "Differently abled" my ass.

*God.*

I just want to say something and for once in my life, people don't look at me like I don't deserve to breathe. It's a special hell knowing you're constantly fucking up but have zero idea how to stop.

Post 585: The worst thing about life is that it's fucking boring
Content:
Honestly, life's so boring. We spent most of our days waking up early, going to a place we don't like, spending half our waking hours with people we don't actually give a shit about, only to come home, slug around, go to sleep and repeat the same old cycle. All for what? So we have money to put a roof over our heads, food on the table, and maybe a couple of beers on the weekend.

That's bullshit. How fucking boring is that, that's not the life I want. Yet that's probably the life most of us will have. What a waste of time, money and energy, it's all so pointless. No one's gonna remember us a 100 years from now, it'll be like we never existed.

People always say, "Oh, but enjoy life" and "You only live once". I don't know, I'm just sick of life. Been suicidal for years now, I doubt it's going away anytime soon.

Post 586: I’m a robot
Content:
In middle school I developed anxiety about showing emotion. I thought if I ever laughed or smiled someone I would tell me I was ugly and worthless and that I don’t deserve to so I never did. In 8th grade a group of boys in my math class said I acted like a robot and had emotions and they were scared of me. My ex boyfriend, when I stopped crying over his fake suicide attempts called me a robot. My boyfriend recently called me a robot which is understandable bcoz I hurt him. I cry everyday, my emotions flip so fucking crazy fast and intensely I fear I have bpd. But somehow I’m still an emotionless robot to people and for some reason it makes me cry so badly.

Post 587: why did my parents have to have me
Content:
Thinking about this too much makes me so angry. Why couldnt someone else have been born to my parents? Of all the fucking sperm and eggs my parents had why the fuck did it have to be me? Now im stuck with parents who i dont want to hurt by committing suicide, so i have to rot for atleast 20 years before being able to die after theyve died first. And if i suddenly decide to start living, ive fucked myself by not committing to studying and working as all other people have, so im fucked either way, rotting or failing. If i hadnt been born i wouldnt have to scroll fucking reddit suicidewatch in the middle of the night while coming up with different plans to end my life. Fuck

Post 588: Being unemployed due to mental health listening to my friend brag about how much money he’s making/spending working from home
Content:
Just want to put a belt around my neck I can’t understand why I’m still friends with this guy then I realise it’s because I don’t have any other friends, I just deleted him and blocked him shouldn’t have bothered talking to him in the first place. Fucking hate people that can only talk about themselves and their achievements when it’s not even a job he deserves he had to lie to get it. Fucking hate people

Post 589: Fuck google
Content:
It pisses me off that when I go searching for information on how to kill myself effectively and without pain all I get are half assed 'don't kill yourself' pages. The internet used to be a source of knowledge and now it's just a bunch of fucking brands and shameless self promoting content creators and seeing it makes me want to kill myself even more.

My fucking mother called the cops on me for saying I had suicidal thoughts once, so no: obviously I'm not going to talk to you about literally anything. Fuck you for making me exist without my consent.

I miss my dead pet. I can't stop picturing her dead, and covered in her own shit.

My fucking wife cheated on me. I read her emails, she was logged in on my PC. He straight up calls her a cunt and a fucking whore. That's who I got left for. I'm a fucking joke, I've been cheated on by everyone I've ever had a relationship with. She took out a credit card in my name and now I'm harassed every single day by people trying to get money from me. I'm in debt and I have no way out. She fucked this dude and now she's producer on his film. Can't wait for that to come out. I feel like everyone is laughing at me, the manlet cuck who got btfo.

I have intrusive thoughts about my genitals being mutilated all the time that cause me to physical wince, that is when I'm not literally spasming, probably from Parkinsons which runs in my family. I say shit out loud unconsciously like: "Fucking kill myself" and "He killed himself". I jerk myself awake at least once every night.

I cannot see anything getting better from here. It hurts every day and I'm filled with impotent rage. I've worked hard for so many years and I have nothing to show for it, and every day is worse than the last. My brain yearns for lead but this bullshit country wont even allow me the decency of a firearm to end this fucking charade. Will probably use charcoal.

Post 590: i'd rather die than get a job
Content:
people are scary.

i haven't left my room in like five years, so idk how to interact with humans anymore.

i'm too prideful to ever ask for help.

but even if i had no troubles, there isn't anything worth living for.

it all points to one obvious conclusion, doesn't it?

Post 591: I'm a failure as a man
Content:
Never had girlfriend, 25 yo and still virgin.
The thought haunts me every day.

So, I paid a girl. To have sex. The goal was to feel better, knowing that no longer being a virgin could give me some self esteem. Or at least I'd have an excuse not to think about it.

But even by paying for it, I couldn't have an intercourse. 

I fucking hate my body. I hate being a man. I hate all of this. I'm a living failure as a male.

I just wanted to know that maybe I still didn't met the right girl, but no.
My destiny is to be alone. For fucking ever.
No wife, no friend, no kids, just keep doing the same job and keep doing nerdy things for all eternity.

My life is irremediably damaged and cannot be fixed.

Post 592: Why does every inconvenience trigger suicidal thoughts?
Content:
Yesterday, it was a bad Surf session triggered by comparing my performance with others. Today, it was because the waves were too big for me to ride. I told myself I was lucky to even have the time and opportunity to surf. It eventually gets better with conscious effort to change my perspective, but then some other small inconvenience comes up and restarts the cycle. I want a technique to make it not start in the first place. I don't want to die right now, but I can't stop thinking how comfortable it would be to give up. I hate myself when I feel sorry for myself, which results in this crazy internal struggle, which overwhelms me and makes me want to give up. Any help will be appreciated. Thanks!

Post 593: 16m i got raped by woman
Content:
you dont have to believe me it happened 2 weeks ago i feel so ugly and dirty she forced me i said no many times im gonna hang myself in few days i dont want to live anymore i want to cry 

Post 594: I hate waking up.
Content:
I literally hate waking up because my reality sucks.

Post 595: I wish i could die faceless.
Content:
I wish i could die faceless. I wish i could die without my family knowing. Without them thinking its their fault. I am so tired of everything, and im so sorry for feeling this way. I wish i could die faceless. That way, maybe they'd just think i went missing, i could just be some john doe found in the gutter. But sadly, thats not reality. If only

Post 596: I should have killed myself in high school
Content:
I was a fool to think that things would change and that I would actually feel better when I reach college. I was so fucking wrong it’s not even funny.

Life only gets worse from here. I don’t want to be alive to see how it gets worse.

If I had known I would still feel this way by the time I got to college I would have hung myself freshman year of high school

Post 597: Who else feels like they're only still living to spare the feelings of their family members?
Content:
There's nothing in my life worth living for anymore. Everything and everyone who brought any join into my life is gone. I'm disabled, in poor health, I suffer abuse on a daily basis and I feel totally alone in this world. It would be a relief to be able to just stop existing. The only thing preventing me is the fact that I have 1 or 2 family members who I feel would be deeply affected if I were to check out on them. So I suffer through each day more alone then the last in order to spare their feelings. Anyone else in a similar situation?

Post 598: Suicide is like a security blanket
Content:
The thought of suicide always gives me relief whenever I feel like everything is going wrong. I could easily get rid of myself and I would no longer have to participate in this shit existence. I can’t imagine actually growing old. I don’t understand how others can magically plan out their lives while actually having real goals for themselves and not once think about harming or killing themselves. It’s so foreign to me.

Post 599: I wish COVID would have taken me.
Content:
I’m so tired and done with everything.

Post 600: I regret not killing myself at 14 now I'm 23 and EVERYTHING BECOME SO MUCH WORSE.
Content:
I used to think the same bullshit like "it's gonna be ok", "everything will be better in your adulthood" 
during the hard time when i was teenager. Words like that is only a fake illusions. 

What's the point of being alive, healthy but live with a miserable life no matter how hard your struggle? I rather be dead at the young age instead of wasting my time only to suffer more. 

Post 601: Opened to my sister (an MD) about my suicidal thoughts and issues with addiction. She drove me straight to the psych ward. I've been locked in a room for 8 hours with no doctors, nurses, food, water or required meds.
Content:
I'm sorry if this sounds defeatist or dark.

But this will likely be a $13,000 visit.  I've received no help,  my meds are unavailable, and I've never felt worse or more forgotten.  

" Ask for help"....  lol. 

Don't.

Post 602: You know what sucks? Being suicidal and having no one to talk about it.
Content:
I have no one. No friends. No family. No partner. I cut myself and i have no one who will comfort me. I feel depressed, and i have no one to share it with. I tried suicide few times and no one cares. If i die, no one will care, like a star vanishing away in a sky of millions. 

Wish i could have someone. Wish i could hug someone, i wish someone will tell me it is gonna be okay, that I'm valued, that my life isn't worthless. 

My depression has done nothing but put away people i already had. You know, no one wants the depressed you, they want the one who jokes and entertains. If you're too depressed, oh that's bad, they want you. I had friends or i thought so i did. But they left the moment i started sharing my depression. 


My life is worthless. It is not worth the oxygen i take.

Post 603: I’m going to end my life in December.
Content:
I know exactly the day I’m going to do it. There are several reasons why I’ve chosen this date. First, my best friend of 12 years is getting married and I will be his best man in November. Second, I want to see my family for Christmas one last time. I’m going to drive myself somewhere relatively far and shoot myself in the head while in my car. I carry the suicide note I’ve already written in my wallet. I break down and cry every day. I think about dying almost every minute of the day. I do not sleep well, I won’t eat for days at a time. I’ve lost all motivation and hope for the future. I’m 24 years old and I have no desire to continue to live. I am only afraid that I will end my life before this date. I’ve spoken with suicide hotline several times this month. Only to keep myself alive until the end of December. I think about my plan everyday and it’s the only kind of mental relief I feel. I hope to die leaving my loved ones with good memories of me. It’s hard to fake being okay. I’m only staying alive for them. Unfortunately they are not enough to keep me going. I am certain I will end my life.


Edit: First off i’d like to say thank you to everyone that has reached out to me privately and in the comments. I did not expect any of that. Also, I’ll share my story for those that have asked. 

When I was a child I was abused mentally and physically by my parents and grandmother. Despite the abuse I loved my parents and looked up to them, they divorced when i was 7 and I was completely devastated by the fact that my father was never going to come back home. The abuse did not stop however until I was in my early teens. In high school I was extremely depressed, had few friends and never a significant other. Never any aspirations for the future. When I graduated I went to live with my dad, that experience ended when we had physical altercation which resulted in him having a broken finger. He and I do not have a good relationship to this day. In the 7 years since, I have tired but have failed many times to get through college. Ive had many failed relationships that ended because I was always lied to and cheated on. Ive been addicted to various drugs over the years and I feel that my brain has turned to mush. Though now I only smoke weed and drink often. Recently I’ve gone through a break up that I feel has tipped me over the edge. We used to live together and we were happy for a while. For the first time in my life I felt that I had a purpose. I thought I could build a future with her, which is something I was never able to visualize with anyone else. For the first time in my life, I saw a future that wasn’t grim and full of failure. Unfortunately I could not meet her expectations and she ended the relationship. We’ve been sleeping together almost weekly and each time I feel that there’s a chance i can fix things. But she shoots me down each time. About a week ago she told me she’s taking a job that will require her to travel for 13 weeks at a time. She will be leaving in late August. Before I even got this news I was already planning on ending my life. I had my suicide note ready. I’ve been packing things away and trashing other things. So that my loved ones won’t have to. But now I’m afraid that when she leaves I will not have the strength to push through until December.

Post 604: i like it here
Content:
really like it here

feels like i got the place. like this is where i belong. this is the people. this is it. 

this is my go to shit when thoughts get persistent and nothing to hold on to. i go here and breath a sigh of relief "not alone, yes

Post 605: 40 years of suicidal thoughts
Content:
I'm 51 years old. Since 9 years old I have had suicidal thoughts.. Last 30 years I've been on medication and had  counseling therapy etc...I'm tired.

Post 606: i tried to commit suicide today
Content:
The gun jammed... i dont know why,its like it didnt want me to die

Post 607: Happy people telling you to just "be positive"
Content:
Fuck them. They have it all sorted out. They don't know what loneliness is, what depression is, what anxiety is.

Post 608: Anyone also getting suicidal thoughts when seeing happy stuff?
Content:
Kind of a question rather than a suicide post but I just needed to get this off my mind.

So, whenever my friends send me cute stuff of their friends to them, or just happy/cute things, I immediately think about killing myself, and I'm honestly not sure why. Anyone else has them too?

Post 609: No friends, no skills, no hobbies, no love, yet I'm told there's beauty in life.
Content:
I have nothing to live for. I have no one to live for. I just want to be dead. I want to get friends but I'm so socially anxious that it's hard for me to talk to anyone about anything. I can't do anything right.

Where's the beauty???

Post 610: ive only taken 1 shower/bath in the past 3 years.
Content:
im not really living. im hanging on by a thread. the heading is true and i havent washed my hair in longer. im disgusting and i hate myself so much. my hair is a matted mess and i want to shave my head so bad but ive shaved my head before to get rid of lice and i looked terrible for a year while it grew back. i just want to die so i dont have to deal with it. these feeling always pass after a few weeks but idk if i can survive this time. it sucks too because nothing is going wrong and its my dogs 4th birthday in a week and a half and we got a house after living in the worst apartment ever for years. i just dont know what to do. i stopped going to school in 8th grade so i have no future. im trying to get ssi (disability for ppl who havent worked basically) but i know they wont accept me because mental health isnt taken seriously so i dont have any money. im sorry this is probably all over the place im just typing. i just want to die. i feel it would help my family so much because i eat so much food. ugh idk why im doing this i guess im trying to keep myself occupied so i dont do anything. bye i guess 

Post 611: My boyfriend (M24) tried to kill himself and I (M23) can't trust him anymore
Content:
TW suicide 

I'm still very shaken up about the whole things and I'm trying to gather my thoughts. Two days ago my boyfriend attempted suicide. He did it when I was asleep. He went to the bathroom, swallowed a handful of pills and slit his wrists. I found him after a bit cause the light in the bathroom wouldn't let me sleep. He's still in the hospital now. But despite that, I haven't been able to fall asleep at home. I feel like I let myself drop my guard one too many times and now I need to constantly be aware and focus, to not let anything bad happen again. I can't imagine what our relationship is going to be like when he's back home. I've done everything that's humanly possible to help him with his addiction, his trauma, I supported him to the best of my abilities. But I have a breaking point too and I don't know if there's anything more that I can do to help him. And I don't even know if we as a couple have a future anymore. I don't know how to talk to him, how to look him in the eye. It's an absolute mess.

Post 612: Why do they get to die
Content:
When I see news reports of someone dying in a crash or dying in general I start to cry. Like why did they have to die. Why did someone who deserved to live and probably wanted to live die. It should have been me.

Post 613: Is it normal to think about death all the time?
Content:
I think about death all the time. I think about how, after my mom passes, I’ll die. I think about sending my boyfriend and the dog away to visit his family, and then finding new homes for my cats, and then just ending it. I know there are people other than my mom who love me, who would be sad if I died, but they’d move on eventually. They have other friends and family. They don’t -need- me.

I tried to tell a friend recently how I’ve been feeling, and she told me that she needed me, her best friend, to live for her. Which is a lie. She has a loving fiancé and tons of other friends. She would be sad, but ultimately my death would mean nothing, even to her, after some time. She doesn’t need me.

My boyfriend, he might need me, but I don’t feel like I’m good for him. Not when I spend nearly every waking moment wishing for my own death. How can I support him when I can’t even support myself? He moved very far  away from home to be with me, but he is probably better off back home with his family, in an environment where he is actually comfortable. He might need me, but that doesn’t mean I’m good for him.

I don’t want anyone to need me either. I want it to be okay to die after my mom passes. I don’t want to spend another 30+ years struggling on this earth. I never even imagined I’d make it into my 30s. To make into my 60s? Impossible. What’s the point?

Life just feels so meaningless. Even when I try to find meaning, I always hit roadblock after roadblock. Depression and anxiety always hold me back. I’m so tired of trying, of fighting, of being. I feel like I’m just waddling through life, surviving via distraction, waiting for death.

Post 614: I'll be ignored again...
Content:
Nobody is going bother reading this but thank you if you do. I'm tired of being invisible. I just want to be cared. I'm tired of looking at an empty notifications screen. I don't remember the last time I went out with someone. Everyone around me is enjoying their lives except me. I don't want to wake up ever again if this is what it will be like for rest of my life.

Post 615: I’m sorry guys
Content:
I’m sorry everyone. Tonight is the night. It was meant to be this morning but certain plans didn’t work out so I have to visit all my friends today instead. I’m gunna be giving people small things to keep because I don’t like the thought of my family doing one of those this-is-how-he-left-it things, it’s just feels like they would hold on too much. Thank you for all you kind messages and comments, and please don’t hate yourselves if you tried to help me but couldn’t. I’m very useless when it comes to the help of others actually helping. I’m asking a girl I really like if she would just want to lay down in bed and hug, as I’ve really missed that human connection, but even if that does work out and we spend hours there hugging and talking, I’m still going to end it, because fuck the way my head works. Thank you guys. I haven’t said this to anyone but my names josh, idk why I feel like I should mention it but idk man. Good luck to you all, and hopefully I won’t be in pain for long. 

I will always miss you my love.

Edit: I’ve been inundated with messages that I appreciate so so much. I’m still here surprisingly, I honestly thought I wouldn’t be by now. 

Edit 2: hey guys, thanks so much for everything you’ve all said to me or messaged me, I really appreciate every single one of you. I’m sorry I haven’t replied to some people, but I’ve read every comment and they’ve helped me so much. I’ve decided I’m going home tonight. I’m giving myself another two days, and if I feel ok, another two after that. I hope everyone here can ask her the lo and help each other. I love you all 

Edit 3: hi everyone, I want to thank you all so much for everything you guys said, it’s nice to know there are people out here that feel the same way, and I’m so awestruck by the help that you guys are also giving each other in the comments. The best description I could give right now is that my environment is still sharp, and everything I come into contact with hurts no matter the slightness of it. I’m still very very disregulated (not sure what the proper term is) and I’m finding it very hard to control the many impulses I do have. I haven’t been able to leave my room but I’ve still gotta go another day. I didn’t put it in my post but I suffer from bpd, so anyone else who is feeling like I am please read the comments. They are for you too, and anyone else who wants to take their own life. I might not end up making it much longer, but like I said I’m the previous edit, I’m going to give myself two days at a time, and if that doesn’t help just a day. If I don’t, please take this a pertinent reminder to reach out to absolutely anyone when you need help. Seek medical advice if you can’t protect yourself, and always be kind to others. Yeah you may have bad days, and you may hurt people that you care about, but those bad days don’t make you a bad person. I love you all so very much, and if I could take away the pain that you feel, I would in a heart beat. 

Edit 4: good luck everyone. I can’t do it. I hope all your lives are full of love and life. I really wish I was better but I’m better off dead. If my family ever see this I love you more than anything on this earth, and I wish things could have been different. I’m not going to rely or activists this account anymore as I don’t want to be stopped. Thank you to everyone for their kind words 

Edit 5: got taken to the hospital by police, family came and picked me up. I may get help soon but I don’t think it will be for a while. I’m going to keep the post up but I won’t respond to any comments. I’m sorry I can’t keep coming back and feeling the same. Thank you for all the help, I hope I can get past this. 

Post 616: Is being passively suicidal a thing?
Content:
I’m a 14-year-old genderfluid person, and I feel what I think I can best describe as passively suicidal. I have no intention of directly killing myself, but I just don’t have any will to go on. It’s hard to articulate, but I feel kind of like if, for example, a car hit me and I was, say, bleeding out, I wouldn’t call 911 and try to save myself. Is this a thing? What should I do?

Post 617: I wish I would die in my sleep
Content:
I don't plan to commit suicide(i'm afraid that i might survive the methods and then i would be worse off), but every night I wish I would die in my sleep and every morning I'm disappointed I'm still alive.

Post 618: Tired of needing money in order to live a life we never asked to be born into it…
Content:
Why is this normal? Why do we need money to survive? Why do we need to pay for everything? Why do I have to get up and go to a job I fucking hate in order to make money to live a life I don’t even wanna live anyway? I’m so tired of the grind and everything. All I want to do everyday is lay in my bed and be away from everyone. I’m tired of having to force to get up everyday to work. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it….


Edit: Wow… I never anticipated to get this many up votes… It’s really nice to know that I have people who understands how I feel. I really do hope and wish the best of luck towards all of you guys with anything you’re struggling and going through at the moment. 🥺💗

Post 619: I Miss Feeling Sad
Content:
I genuinely do. It sounds odd , but its been months since I felt anything other than regret , anger and irritation. I wish I could feel sad , I wish I could cry. I used to cry when I thought of passing away , but I dont anymore. Death feels like a distant memory now. I wish I felt at all.

Post 620: Anyone else badly want a relationship but know it’s a terrible idea
Content:
How could having a relationship be a good idea when most of us on this thread are probably really unstable, some getting their thoughts out, some contemplating ending it, some already having decided and making their last remarks.

I don’t think life has a meaning but I do think love is the closest thing that means the slightest to me. The only times in the last 3 years I see shimmer of light is when a potential romantic interest arises. The feelings are different to those of friends of family for me. Selfish to want it or engage when you sleep for 16 hours some days, don’t respond to meds and are very unstable. One day having made plans to end your life, the nest cancelling them. Being paralysed in bed another day. All those sorts of things make relationships unattainable and daunting for people like us.

So unfair and angering. Everyone deserves love, especially those who are suffering and suicidal. I feel we deserve it the most but we can’t feel it like other people because our mind is torturing us and convincing us we don’t deserve it. I’ve turned down girls for poor and unresponsive multiple mental illnesses. Will continue to do so until my health is stable which is as likely as me winning the lottery. Heartbreaking

Post 621: Suicide is becoming a more and more attractive option each passing day.
Content:
I don’t know what to say except that. I’m so fucking done. I’m not going to do it and I don’t plan to. But, even when I tell myself tomorrow is going to be a better day, it just isn’t and killing myself seems more and more an actual option.

Post 622: Boyfriend, my only source of happiness, broke up with me. Everything in my life is shattering.
Content:
I don’t have much to say but I was basically living with him. I was with him seven days a week and all day and night. Everything reminds me of him. I continue to self-harm and this time last year I attempted suicide. I’m scared that my considerations of doing so again will become a reality this year. I cannot live without him, he was my only source of happiness and I cannot begin to distract myself. I’ve thrown up constantly and haven’t stopped crying. I spent my entire days and nights with him. My days are going to feel so long. There is no point in living. I have no purpose. I am literally a failure. I don’t know what I’m writing but there is so much more stress on top of just him. Family, schooling, finances, etc. Everything is falling apart. I hope this is the end.

Post 623: Going from suicidal to very happy all in the same day
Content:
I feel so lonely because I've never found anyone else who feels the same way. I have depression and ever since the really really bad times I've never quite related to any other depressed person. For example fake smiling (never had to do that unless I was on the brink of tears at school) I genuinely felt happy but I was still depressed.

Most of the times I think of suicide when a minor thing bothers me. Like when a friend unconsciously leave me out I think of suicide and I start tearing because of suicidal thoughts. Just minor things. I can be pretty genuinely happy beforehand but a minor thing happens and I'm emotionally unstable. Or one day I can be sure I just want to die and the next I can feel like I'm on top of the world. I also mainly get depressed when I'm on my own and not with friends.

Anyone else feel like that? Or is it just me?

EDIT: Didn't expect this to blow up. Thanks for all the comments. I truly appreciate all of them. Really!

Post 624: Sleep 🛌!
Content:
The thing is, I’ve stopped caring.
I just want to sleep, sleep, sleep.
Don’t wake me up. 
Please. 
I don’t wanna live this life anymore.

Post 625: I wish I had the balls to do it.
Content:
I tried to suffocate myself today. I tied a scarf around my neck really tight and just waited. The pressure started building up in my head until it felt like it was going to explode. It scared me and I ended up taking it off. I didn't tie the knot as tight as I thought I did, so in that moment I thought it wasn't going to loosen and that I was going to die. I guess I'm not as suicidal as I thought I was, or maybe I just can't take the pain. Idk. I'm tired. I wish I had a gun.

Post 626: I got accused of rape 
Content:
She took her own clothes off she climbed onto me by herself all I was doing was watching shameless on my tv,we fucked then we got caught by a parent then she said I forced her and that she was asleep and woke up to me doing stuff to her... I've never felt worse in my life I can't go on she knew I was raped when I was younger and knows I hate rapists and that I hate anything to do with rape. Why would she lie?

.Edit: I still miss her

Post 627: isn't it funny, living for people who made you suicidal
Content:
My life's just a one big ironic joke i can't stop laughing at.

Post 628: I'm Happy This Sub Reddit Exists
Content:
It feels so nice that I'm not alone.

I know i'm not the first person to kill myself and I won't be the last. But it feels "good" that other people are having the same thoughts in this moment.

Post 629: Do you guys fantasize about your suicide?
Content:
I think about it a lot. Like I imagine how it'll play out.

 Who would find me, the mess it would make, how my apartment would likely smell of my decomposing corpse and how that would likely give away what actually happened. The process of distributing my stuff and the pain my father and boyfriend would be going through. My co workers finding out, how they would all act surprised and pretend they never saw this coming. 

Do you guys go through the same thing?

Post 630: I "reached out" like you're supposed to. Only to be met with anger
Content:
A word of advice, keep any and all suicidal thoughts to yourself. People don't want to know and they certainly don't care enough to help.

"How dare you threaten to leave me"

"You're selfish"

"Suicide only fixes your problems, what about mine?"

I am tired. I genuinely don't want to be here anymore. I hate what is left of my life.

I deserve to end the pain and I am not selfish for doing so. Everyone else be damned.

Post 631: When I hear about people who've killed themselves I get jealous
Content:
Especially if they were young. There's no doubt about whether they were just making shit up and being a whiny bitch - if you kill yourself then your problems are definitely real and bad enough to be allowed to complain about. Nobody hates dead people or gets annoyed with them or wishes they'd go away - everyone just goes on and on about how great they were and stuff. And most of all that person was brave enough to do it and prove all of that other stuff plus they don't have to live with themselves. And who knows, maybe they did the world a favour by taking themselves out just like I would if I only wasn't such a weak shit

Post 632: I want to die
Content:
I want to die.
I want to stop thinking.
I want to stop hurting.
I want to die.

I just had to tell someone. Anyone. Because I can’t tell anyone else.


Edit: I didn’t expect this post to be so huge but appreciate everyone’s response, help and stories. I kinda made it through the night and talked to my therapist. The thoughts are still there loudly as ever but I don’t think i will commit suicide within the next days. Thank you everyone for reaching out to me. I hope you guys find hope and something to make your day better. Really. Thank you a lot. Reading all the comments and talking to some of you people helped me immense in distracting myself. I wish you the best. (I’m still here for anyone who wants to talk and wants to suffer together tho) please continue to help others in need

Post 633: An old friend of mine just posted a suicide note and I don’t know what to do FUCKKKKKK
Content:
Was friends with him for a short time while living in a group home, but he went to a tougher group home because he had loads of problems in his life (I’ve been caught in those problems too, I can’t really explain it all in this) and since he went we didn’t have much contact and now he posted a story in which he said he’s jumping in front of a train and the time he gave was 2 hours ago fuuuuuuckkkkk what the fuck do I do

Edit: Since more people keep still reading this post, I’m giving you the update also here: He changed his profile picture so I’m 99% sure he’s at least alive, and there’s nothing more I can do in this situation anymore. I want to thank you all for your care about this situation at least too. 🙏

Post 634: Everyday I wake up and decide to kill myself that evening
Content:
And then I get closer to evening and eventually decide that maybe I can try again. I wake up the next morning with no energy and motivation and feel so angry at myself for not ending it the night before. I can’t live like this anymore it’s so exhausting but I can’t convince myself that killing myself isn’t the best option. Living is so hard and I can’t take it anymore

Post 635: Failed attempt, where do I go from here?
Content:
(On a throwaway, don’t want my friends to find this)

I got my car rental, drove into a garage. Opened the windows and left the car running. I was fully unconscious. They heard the car and got concerned. I don’t know what to do now. I can barley breath still, I have constant migraines. I haven’t told anyone. I suffer from depression, general anxiety, PTSD, and bipolar. They’ve put me on every med imaginable and none had worked. I’ve done years of therapy. I just want it to fucking end. I’m in so much pain. I don’t know what to do. I don’t want anyone close to me too know. Should I tell them? I’m scared I’ll get put back in a pysch ward. I don’t know what to do, I have no control of my life anymore.

Post 636: Fuck the World.
Content:
 If you kill or harm someone else, you’re scum. 

You are not allowed to kill yourself.

If you die, \*\*WE\*\* have to be the ones to kill you, 

after keeping you alive for fucking decades. 

You deserve to rot in jail. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

If you abort, you’re sick. 

That’s a whole fucking life.

Even if it didn’t choose to be here, 

You have to push that shit out your body

And keep it alive for other people. 

Then, that baby, who grew into an adult, 

who didn’t choose to be here

is not allowed to fucking kill itself either. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Tell anyone about your illness,

You’re a fucking stigma. 

"We're all here to help"

Until you want to fight for custody

Or defend a court accusation

EVEN if you fixed your shit, 

Then the way you drank you coffee on Tuesday

Plus that old diagnosis

Is a clear sign that you're unfit for ANYTHING. 





People will tell you \*\*TALK\*\* to them

Because it will make them feel better. 

Everything’s fine as long as you respond to 

their fucking messages. 

Just a quick fucking response, 

That’s all fifty fucking people are asking for. 

If you say “I’m OK, it means you’re fine. 

If you say “I’m not feeling good” 

they’ll worry and then call another day 

to rinse, fucking wash and repeat. 








OF FUCKING COURSE

You’ll eventually say “I’m OK”. 

That's what they're waiting for. 

Means they did their fucking job. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

OF COURSE you’ll fucking lie to get people off your back. 

The clearest sign that you are over your mental illness

Is obviously that you don’t talk about it any more.






EDIT 2: 
Marginally better.  

This was a really bad episode, so I thank all of those who responded supportively. Unsupportive, combative comments won't be responded to in the same way I did earlier, but I implore those commenters to respect that normal rules of conversation do not apply here going forward.
You are dealing with unwell human beings, please don't try to "win", or "just say". This is not about entertaining you. If you feel you might be unhelpful, please just observe, instead of commenting. Thanks. 

EDIT:

**READ BEFORE COMMENTING**

THIS IS A SUICIDE NOTE. DON'T TELL ME WHETHER OR NOT YOU AGREE OR DISAGREE. 

TO ALL THE IDIOTS TRYING TO ANALYSE THIS FUCKING SUICIDE NOTE - STOP. IDGAF IF IT DOESN'T APPLY TO YOU. I WAS NEVER FUCKING PREGNANT - NOR DID I KILL ANYONE ELSE OR TRY TO. NOR AM I FUCKING AMERICAN. 

THE WHOLE FUCKING POINT IS THAT THE WAY THE WORLD IS FUCKING SET UP NO ONE WILL FUCKING ALLOW YOU TO DIE, WHETHER YOU DESERVE TO, WANT TO, OR NEED TO. GENERALLY. IDGAF OF YOUR COUNTRY OR FUCKING TOWN IS AN EXCEPTION. ALL I WANT IS TO SAY A FUCKING GOODBYE TO PEOPLE I LOVE AND NOT BE FUCKING "SAVED". 

LIFE HAS TO BE DRAGGED ON IN THIS HELL, NO MATTWR FUCKING WHAT - AND JUST BECAUSE OTHER PEOPLE WANT IT TO BE. 

IF A PERSON IS BAD LIKE ME, THEY STILL HAVE TO KEEP LIVING. THERE'S NO SUPPORT OR AT LEAST AN OK TO FUCKING KILL MYSELF. 

I WAS FUCKING CUT DOWN WHEN I WAS HANGING, AND THAT'S SUPPOSED TO BE A FUCKING VICTORY.

BUT I'M STILL FUCKING HERE SUFFERING BECAUSE OTHER FUCKING PEOPLE THINL I SHOULD FOR THEM. 

AND I DIDN'T FUCKING ASK TO BE BORN. 

THIS IS FUCKING SUICIDE WATCH, IT'S A FUCKING SUICIDE NOTE.

Post 637: I wish I can just disappear without a trace...
Content:
I'm tired of living like this

Post 638: Too Cowardly To Kill Myself But Too Depressed To Keep Living
Content:
This is not going to be an easy post for anyone to read or for me to write. To establish things immediately, no I am not considering s\*\*cide or am I in immediate danger. I would never do that to my mom, the one person in this world who truly knows me and cares about me.

With that said, I think I'm just done with life. It's been building for awhile and it just keeps building. It doesn't have much to do with the Coronavirus or the Riots but those have been the final straws. The Coronavirus has taken away my ability to even attempt to make new friends, try new activities or even do things I enjoyed like traveling and playing tennis. Luckily workouts have resumed in my state so I can do that. The riots have taken away my love for sports and history. It seems like everything I love slowly but surely is being taken away from me by various forces.

Even the activities I enjoy I don't enjoy as much as I used to. I feel like all they do is temporarily dull the mental and physical pain that I now feel constantly.

The Coronavirus has shown me just how hollow and empty my life has become. God is definitely not in my life and I am angry at him for various things (that I'll get into here in a minute). I am single and I have no kids or even pets to keep my company. While others at least had family to keep them company I've had no one. This Coronavirus pandemic has officially isolated me. Most of my family live in another state and I would be hesitant to travel for fear of getting them sick. Plus my nieces wouldn't see me anyway, they've bought into all the fear.

I have failed so often at dating it's become comical. I decided to get back into dating with stuff opening up. I went on a date on Tuesday that I thought was going well. We played mini golf but then, according to her, her perfume started messing with her allergies. We didn't have any food or drinks after the round as she felt like she needed to go home. I contact her Thursday where she tells me that she's been seeing another guy for awhile and that they have decided to be official and she wants to see where it goes. Needless to say I sent a nice little message to her, nothing rude but telling her I thought it was pretty low to have gone on a date with me knowing I had no chance. Like so many other times in my dating life I just felt used.

Besides being single with no kids or no pets I don't have a lot of friends. The few I do have know I struggle with depression at times and really do try to help. They all think I'm a very good guy who's just had bad luck and they truly believe I'm a good guy who deserves love and happiness. I just don't know if it's in my cards at this point.

Besides that my body failed on me pretty early. I'm 35 but my body started failing on me around 30. Always had high blood pressure that was hereditary. Now I'm slightly overweight, have hemorrhoids occasionally and also suffer from allergies and eosinophilic asthma. I was on a flight to Nashville back in 2017 (2 hour flight) where my throat really dried out. I started to panic which then caused my asthma to flare up. No medical emergency but it was a horrible flight. Now my doctor has me take a Xanax 0.25mg tablet before the flight to relax and a Prednisone 50mg tablet to control the Asthma. It's worked but whereas I used to love flying I now dread it. I feel like it's destroyed my ability to travel, I don't want to fly for longer than a few hours. But there's so many places I've wanted to see. I've asked my doctor about it and I've asked a Pulmonologist about it but they don't seem to take it seriously. I think they think it's all mental for me at this point. Ever since I became afraid to fly it's destroyed me a piece at a time.

So besides my body betraying me my mind has betrayed me as well. I know I've suffered from some Anxiety like I mentioned but even my therapist won't officially diagnose me with Depression. My mind is always half empty and I think my physical conditions have caused my mind to deteriorate.

All in all part of me truly wants to believe in reincarnation. That we get multiple chances at this life and that I'll just get another chance. I know Christian religions don't believe in reincarnation but it's one of the few things that gives me hope. I will say this, I think God made a mistake having me be born during this time. I believe I was born in the wrong time.

I have a job that's a good job but it's ultimately a dead end job. I've never been one who had that light click on in terms of a passion. I've always been adrift in terms of what I want to do. Yes I have a Bachelor's Degree with a double major in Management and Marketing. I also have my SHRM Certification as a Certified HR Professional. But if I'm honest I don't have a passion for any of it.

So my personal life is a mess. My physical health s\*cks, my mental health s\*cks. I don't have many friends and my dating life is an absolute failure. I feel like a lot of my passions are being taken away from me one by one. The Coronavirus is going to make it impossible to make new friends. The Riots have shown me that a lot of country hates me for my very existence. They hate me just for being a white conservative male.

I am a walking contradiction. I don't want to die and don't have to guts to but I've lost most of my will to live. I've wasted my youth, my best days are behind me and not in front of me and I no longer have any zest for life. Deep down pretty much nothing makes my happy anymore. Sure some activities dull the pain temporarily but I've lost the ability to feel happy. I've lost the ability to connect with people. I've lost any ability to have empathy or compassion. I just feel like I don't care anymore.

I don't know what I'm asking for out of this, I just had to finally get it out. I really don't know what to do at this point. If I could I really wish there was a "do over" button that we could press and start again. I wouldn't make all the mistakes I've made in my life. I would try to not be so da\*n introverted when I was younger which made it hard to make friends. I would've traveled the world before my health made my ability to travel by air an iffy proposition. I would've tried more activities to maybe find a passion.

I don't anymore guys. It just all feels so hopeless. If I had to use one emotion to describe myself at this very moment I think that's the one I would use. Hopeless.

Feel free to reply with what you want. I'm alone again on a Saturday night anyway. I've got nowhere else to be and nothing better to do.

Post 639: I am going to end my life tonight.
Content:
If this ever reaches anyone I know I’m sorry you saw this side of me. I won’t be leaving a note, it’s mundane in my eyes, the I’m sorry please forgive me bullshit. Everyone played a role in it, one way or another. I wrote my wrongs, I will die with no regrets. I told my best friend and ex boyfriend how I felt, made up after the argument everything is fixed and at peace. I will die tonight and that will be okay. I wonder how many people will come to my funeral. This is my last cry out to the universe, I’m so fucking tired of fighting. Bipolar disorder and PTSD fucking eats me alive day after day. Medication has made me a fucking living zombie. I want it to end, there is no winning this war. Life is not beautiful and my movie script that was written was a disaster to live through much less watch. I hope he comes to my funeral and says goodbye to me, I told him how I wanted to go out and I hope he follows through with my plans, fuck rotting 6ft under forever until everyone forgets about you and your headstone is just a sad reminder that everyone is forgotten. That’s all I will ever be a forgotten piece of body and mind, I do not matter, I am a cluster of atoms making up an organism. I will go back to the stars where I belong I wasn’t made for this world.

Post 640: finally time?
Content:
i watched my mom kill herself when i was 7. men raped me on & off for months years earlier, around the ages of 5-6(?) 
Ive had ECT. I’ve been on meds for over a decade, and i’m only 25. Nothing seems to get her out of my head. To get therapy I have to have money, to have enough money for therapy as a high school dropout I have to work full time. I can’t ever keep a job because of my mental (un)health. I want to get better. I believe I would be a good member of society. I have a huge heart. I can’t afford living, let alone treatment. Suicide feels like the only option. I don’t even know if this is the right forum to post in lol bc ive relapsed and i’m shit faced. In case this is my last correspondence, I love you all and I am sorry. I love you, and life, so much. I just can’t afford to help myself. I love you.

Post 641: I just survived a suicide attempt. And I just felt like I needed to say that to someone. (NSFW)
Content:
I actually went through with it. I chugged half a bottle of scotch and swallowed down a bottle of hydrocodone acetaminophen. It had been expired for 6 months- and though I kept it in a cool dry place since getting my wisdom teeth taken out, it must have gone bad because I’m still here. Waking up from that was so disappointing. I’m still here- alive- and I seriously don’t want to be. But that’s life ha. 

Anyway I can’t tell anyone about it. Felt sick for hours and hours afterwards and just dealt with it alone. Tried to call a friend but they ghosted. Now what. People always tell me “oh you’ve been through so much you’re so strong you’re so resilient” I’m not trying to be resilient anymore I’m tired. I guess I’m either stupid enough to take bad pills or resilient enough to not die haha. I’ll just have to figure out what I’m supposed to do with my life now. 

I just think it’s wild that it didn’t work and that I’m fine.

Post 642: My secret suicidal thoughts are getting worse. It's getting harder to disobey. And I dont want to tell anyone
Content:
I'm one of those super annoying people pleaser types. I'm constantly doing favors. Listening to other people's problems. And forever smiling and trying to keep the positive vibes going.

I'm worse than just all that though. Because im an airhead and I dont have good social skills. I'm always saying or doing something stupid. And it makes me more awkward. I act like it's all good and I'm happy and it doesnt phase me. But that is so far from the truth. 

Every single day I'm plagued by thoughts of how weak I am and how I'm annoying and how I'm a bitch and "I need to die" over and over and over. Which turns into "I wanna kill myself" over and over. It's getting worse every day. I dont expect help. I just needed a place to vent.

Post 643: one hour after I tried to kill myself I had a panic attack. my mom told me to stop because "I caused enough of a scene today". I dunno, I just never really forgot about that.
Content:
I feel empty

Post 644: I don’t want to be here
Content:
Please can someone talk to me. I feel so alone. I hate my mom. I hate my autistic brother. They make me so depressed. I feel like hanging myself. Please! Someone talk to me. I can’t stop crying. I don’t want to live here anymore. I’m 16.

My brother always grabs my wrists. He won’t stop. He calls me stupid and silly. My mom doesn’t do anything because he’s autistic. They’re horrible to me. I can’t take it anymore. I don’t want to be here. I’m not allowed to feel sad. I’m not allowed to feel anything. I’m depressed and she says it’s because I listen to stupid people online. Umm I go online to escape reality. It’s my only escape. 

I have no privacy. My mom comes in my room whenever she wants. My brother comes in my room while I’m sleeping. One day he came in and he literally layed on top of me to see what I was doing !! Then he shouts about how I’m not asleep. I hate it here.

Post 645: Suicide is a solution to a permanent problem
Content:
I’ll always be alone no matter what I try to do. Rejection hurts far too much and I’d rather be dead then have to experience it hundreds of times over and over again. I’d rather die than have to live life forever alone. I don’t give a shit if I’m young. I’d rather live a short life than live a long life of pain, misery and loneliness that only ends when I die of old age. I regret choosing not to kill myself in high school. The pain only persists and gets worse

Post 646: The emergency room treats people with mental health issues like shit.
Content:
I was admitted last night to the ER for a suicide attempt. I was very upset and had multiple panick attacks.

I know I needed help. Yet the doctor send me away. In the next hour I was rushed in by ambulance for a more serious attempt. Which could have been avoided if the doctor actually would have listend to me. 

The attempt caused me to have surgery. Note, I’m extremely anxious about anesthesia etc. So I tried to walk away, the nurses forced me back in bed. After a couple of minutes i tried to walk away again, this time they put me into seclusion. I told them i didn’t want to take off my pants because of a recent rape, they proceeded to push me to the ground and forced them of me. This made me have a severe panick attack. I was left alone.

After a while I got out of seclusion, still visibly upset. They wanted to put the saturation thiny on my finger but I didn’t give it straight away because i was wiping my tears. I got dragged to seclusion because of this. 

This morning I got the surgery, i tried to comply as much as possible. The surgery went well and i got into a recovery room. The doctor came and told me I was free to go. I told him I will try to kill myself again. He said that thats a risk he’s willing to take. 

Right now I’m sitting on my bathroom floor in tears not knowing what I should do next.

Oh and btw, they called my parents. Eventhough I told them i don’t want that. I am 18, so they can’t share information without my consent

This is just a fraction of what happend. Don’t wamt to share all the details because i don’t want to trigger anyone.

Post 647: Stop telling people it will get better
Content:
It doesn’t get better, it will never get better, I was suicidal at 12, people told me I was too young and things would get better, I was more suicidal at 15, people told I was too young and things would get better, I was even more suicidal at 17, again, “I’m too young and things will get better” I’m 19 now and I’ve officially reached the breaking point. It doesn’t get better. It will never get better. I’ve been a suicide case from the very beginning, it was never going to get better.  I have no one, I have nothing. I don’t deserve to be happy.  I deserve to rot in the ground like the waste of life I am.

Post 648: Letter to myself:
Content:
Fuck you fuck you fuck you, you will never see clearly you delusional fucking idiot. You battle all day in your head and can't handle actual reality. You did this to yourself you fucking sloth. I fucking hate you, you will get what's coming to you

Post 649: I think my mom knows that the end is near
Content:
She will have these bouts where she becomes very affectionate with me and she constantly has me promise to her that I won't kill myself and I'll thrive. She's been doing this since I turned 20. It's not news to her that I want to die. I'm 21 and I'm pretty sure my end date will be once I turn 25. 

I tell her I will live on, but even I know that's a lie. Even if I decided to be crazy enough to try to thrive, I know that will only make the descent go faster. 

Life has been like falling in slow mo, there's no hero, no parachute, no grabbing onto anything; just me, the sky, and the ground. Nothing to do but wait. But now, I'm not staring at clouds become farther and farther from me, I've flipped over, and I'm watching the ground become closer.

Post 650: ive become so sensitive that even the most miniscule things make me suicidal.
Content:
like i cojld be having an okay day and something small comes along, like i get a bad grade or i disagree with a friend, and boom: i want to end it. and you know what the worst part is? i dont want to get better. i dont know how to exist any other way.

Post 651: Sure, it gets better, but then it goes right back to being fucking awful.
Content:
I understand the whole “it’ll get better” and “better times are ahead” spiel. Hell, I’ve told my also-suicidal friends that same shit as a piss-poor attempt of trying to convince them not to do it. But the easy retort to that, at least for me, is that every good moment is followed by just a damn shitty existence. Every time, without fail. And every time, that good thing, that everyone says you should stick around for, wasn’t fucking worth it.

Okay, it’ll get better. But it sure as hell won’t stay that way. And I can’t keep going like this, waiting for something that will never happen.

Post 652: Dead kid... wtf should I keep going
Content:
Baby died of SIDS. 

Now every morning I wake up, get punched in the gut with the hurt of the fact that he is gone. Get through the day, then go to sleep...rinse and repeat. And repeat...and repeat. Every funcking day. It's going to be like this forever. 

It's time to go.

Post 653: someone in my block might have just committed suicide
Content:
the sound was so loud and i can still hear it but i didnt realise what happened until i was told there was a body below my flat and my family keeps saying fucked up shit about it and i cant take this i couldve done it too

Post 654: I attempted suicide in 2004. I was told things would get better. 19 years later I can tell you that they don't. They really don't and I feel stupid and gullible for having believed this.
Content:
Another 19 years of hell that I could and should have avoided.  My nitrogen will be coming in the mail to relieve me.

Post 655: when im suicidal i feed pigeons
Content:
when ifeed pigeons they go on my legs and like nibble on my fingers i love it sm it makes me so happy. i love the way they stand on my legs and walk up to me for food.

Post 656: I'm tired of living my life in a cycle of being okay and then suddenly being depressed and suicidal.
Content:
I can go on days without thinking about suicide and then just one minor setback is enough to spiral me back down to thinking of wanting to kill myself. I hate this cycle. This is why I know things will never get better because every time I feel "happy", I'm sure there's an equivalent episode of getting depressed again.

&#x200B;

Edit: didn't expect this to get noticed but thank you for the awards \^\_\^ 

Post 657: im so fucking depressed to the point i even forgot why im depressed....does anyone feel the same way?
Content:
i swear to god my mind is playing tricks on me

like really....i sometimes forget why the hell am i acting the way i do but then i remember why im this damn depressed
sometimes i really feel gulity being suicidal...im not trying hard enough for the people begging me not to do it....


"you're not doing anything with your life,you drop out of school and now your just a piece of shit lying on bed all day
your making your parents suffer with your weird behaviour, you did what you did because you are a lazy shit, you always say that life has no meaning yet you are not even trying to give it one
fuck you you really should die"


oh i remember now why i want to die...

Edit : oh god this is the first time having a reward on my post...thanks everyone for the responds thanks for explaing and relating to me,reading all the responds really cheered me up a bit
love yall

Post 658: If only dying were as simple as pressing “shut down” like on a computer
Content:
So many years of pain I wouldn’t have to have lived through, so many more years I won’t have to be put through,

Jesus Christ someone please just stop it all for me.

Post 659: The fear isn’t in dying. My fear is failing to commit suicide and the pain that I’ll feel as I try.
Content:
If I had a gun it would be easier, but my only options  all require pain. I just have to get past the pain part and I’ll be good to go.

Edit: I really don’t care for what comes after I die.  I just know that it’s better than dealing with what’s here for me. Trust me, I’ve tried my best to keep moving forward in this world, but it’s all been pointless. I have no fear of being dead; I just struggle with the natural human instinct of fearing/avoiding pain. If there’s one thing in this life that I’m sure of, it’s that I want to die and it’s not a fleeting thought. I think about it the majority of every day.

The fact that so many individuals in the comments feel similarly is heartbreaking. Some of us are not fortunate or strong enough to go on living. Some of us have been beat down by life one too many times. I wish that was not the case, but unfortunately it is. It’s really saddening to see. But I sympathize because I feel the same.

Post 660: WARNING: If you get a PM from /u/itskokobot, please report it and DO NOT REPLY.
Content:
We've received word that this account is PM-spamming our OPs.  Please be aware that the "itskoko" app is a commercial venture and they're taking advantage of our community without our knowledge or consent. 

Based on the messages we've seen we have grave doubts about the quality of the service, even though they claim to be following the methods of an MIT clinical trial.  

Post 661: Fucking hell
Content:
Just got called a fat ugly piece of shit while walking. Fucking great am i right

&#x200B;

edit; guys, im not beautiful, i know im ugly ive been called it all my life and im fine with that. I just snapped cause this was unsolicited. for once i wasnt fucking doing anything wrong and some dickhead spews insults at me. thanks for being nice to me tho its really more than i deserve

Post 662: Suicide hotlines are bullshit
Content:
They ask you the same robotic questions a complete strangers asks when they find out you want to die. Whether it’s texting or calling them it just feels awkward and I constantly have to watch what I say and lie otherwise I’ll have the police on my ass.

Post 663: I tried to kill myself 2 days ago
Content:
I took many sleeping pills, and then I started panicking and hallucinating .. it was hell I remember me being so scared that I'm gonna die , I tried to throw up but I just laid in the floor . I was scared because I thought god was punishing me, it's funny cause I'm agnostic. But in these time you don't really think. I don't know what to do.. in my country no one talks about suicide .. it's no even a taboo it's not existing to them. When I was 12 my mum caught me harming myself and took me straight to a therapist that told me I'm going to hell...
I hate my life. I despise the day I was born in ...

Post 664: It's time to say goodbye and end this suffering.
Content:
As the title says,  I'm at the end.  There is no-one to leave a note for or to say goodbye to so Reddit will have to suffice.  I've hated every single second of life so this is relief.  I hope I rot in hell.

Post 665: Maybe dying isn't bad, maybe it's only silence and peace and nothing.
Content:
Nothing is bad when you live with joy, but believe me: nothing can be the best thing ever when all you've ever known is pain. 
And I'm so tired of pain.

Post 666: I'm about to send an email
Content:
I'm about to send an email. To my mom. Explaining everything. She doesn't know im suicidal. Sadistic. Narcissistic (negative thoughts about my looks, not positive). I'm about to explain everything. Wish me luck. It explains about Cindy (a voice in my head, also one of my hallucinations), about everything I've hid from her for 2 years. 

Wish me luck.

Edit: I just sent it. I am so scared, but thanks to all the nice people that commented, I think I'll be okay for now. Thanks! I will update on what happens tomorrow.

Edit 2: She came into my room, and we talked about it. She said she'd sign me up for a therapist or meds. Thank you everyone!!! You are so kind! I got through it!

Post 667: I raped a kid
Content:
Ihave wanted to kms from since i was 12
becouse of something i did wheni was 6
I dont think i can live with my self anymore.
 When iwas 6 years old i was one day at my grandmas house visiting for the weekend.
 While there we were watching a movie one night and were watching a movie on late
at night and there was a sex scene on it 
and it was my fist time seeing anything like that so ofc i was curious about it and just glanced at it but nothing weird happened then and we webt to sleep. The next evening my cousin is there and i get a bright idea of copying what they did in the movie with my 4yo cousin... it didnt
feel wrong to me at that Point nor did it for 6 years untill i was 12 when i was tought about rape and incest. After the day i fully realized what i have done i havent been
the same, and on top of that when she turned 15 she has gotten Severe depression and started to take meds, i blame myself every day for it. I cant sleep anymore, i roll in bed for hours
dreading the day somebody gets to know what i did and if someone does idk if i can handle life anymore.
Tldr i basically raped my cousin when i was 6 and dont
know how to live knowing im a rapist pedo.
Should i end myself?

Post 668: i am hopefully dead before morning
Content:
My life is ruined, i was at a party where I got pretty drunk. I don't remember much of that night, but someone recorded a video of me getting raped by someone. And my girlfriend left me because she now thinks I'm gay. She doesn't believe that I gave no consent and that I am a straight male. I feel so lonely and ashamed. No one believes I am straight, and the video is getting shared a lot among other students.

I bought paracetamol packs earlier this day, so now I hope its enough to kill me before 8 am (its 1:38 am at the time of writing)

Never get drunk as it will fucking ruin your life

Post 669: This shit is rigged.
Content:
Dead end job, living with my grandmother, health problems, dealing with constant complicated problems, playing a man made game in a world where people only care about material shit. We’re these weird fucking animals on a rock flying through space and all anyone gives a damn about is their goddamn money and their politics and their religion. “OoOh mY pOlItiCal StAnCe/ReLiGiOuS bEliEf/ SkIn ColOr/ GeNdEr iS aLl tHaT iS iMpOrTaNt.” “LoOk aT alL My MoNeY aNd PoSsEsIoNs.”Fuck off with that nonsense. It seems to me that no one can fucking wrap their heads around the idea that we are all the same. No one is better than anyone else. We all die. Why do I have to participate in a world where no one cares? Why the fuck do I have to pay some other asshole who only sees me as a number in order to maintain my health and well-being? Why do people harm others over stupid shit? Why can’t people just fucking work together instead of making things complicated for everyone? I don’t want to play this game anymore. I don’t want to deal with the horrible humans that make life unbearable. I sit here, wanting to slit my throat, while some douche on Instagram or Snapchat boasts about how life is peachy while flaunting their wads of cash or whatever shit they have. I hate it.

Post 670: It feels like you can't be taken seriously unless you commit suicide.
Content:
If you're alive with suicidal thoughts? You don't mean it, you're a burden, you're an inconvenience, you just want attention. It's only when you're dead that they really understand how much pain and pressure you were under, how heavy your suffering really was and how deep it ran.

Post 671: I really really don’t want to but I don’t know what to do
Content:
I’m not sure this is an appropriate subreddit for me to post in about this. 

I don’t want to die or end my life but I feel like I don’t have another option. I constantly think about it. I just want to be free and released. 

I am 30F. My parents are in their mid to late 60s. I lost my job back in March because of corona. My mother had a stroke last year and needs constant help with everything. She’s also always been codependent. My father has Parkinson’s and is getting worse slowly. He has always been and continues to be belligerent, verbally and light physical abuse. I am the oldest of 3. My siblings also live at home but one is physically disabled and one is very mentally ill. 

I barely get 5 hours of sleep everyday. I constantly go back and forth between taking care of my mom and dad and brother (mentally ill disabled). All bills are on me. Our house is at risk for foreclosure. The house is in my fathers name and I can’t do much because of that. I can’t get him to stand long enough to go to the dmv to renew his ID so he can go to a notary. 

I also have an auto immune disease that degenerates your spine slowly but thankfully it’s very slow and I’m still able to do a lot just with chronic pain. I just wish so badly that I can just live for myself. I want to wake up and just solve my own problems. Worry about only myself and feeding myself etc. I’ve never had a chance to live life for myself. I’ve had to help my parents since I was a teenager. 

I can only see things getting better once my parents both die but that’s not happening for at least 15 years. I love my mother and don’t want her to die or feel like a burden. She’s trying to do physical therapy and recover. I get so jealous when I see other people my age just being their age. Living on their own, only having to worry about themselves. Only cooking for themselves. Able to do self care and able to go to work. Even if I got a job I will probably lose it because I would have to call out a lot to take care of my family. 

We cannot afford a home health aid. I’ve tried with the insurance they won’t cover it. I’ve tried to get paid as my mothers home health aid; they won’t cover that. I have constant anxiety. I just want to be able to worry about my own problems and take care of myself. I just want my own life. If I’m lucky maybe I’ll be able to start living when I’m almost 50 years old. 

I don’t want to commit suicide because I know of the beauty in life. I know it’s possible for me to be happy. I just don’t see a way out alive right now. I didn’t know where else to post. Anywhere else I’ve posted I haven’t had any replies. If you’ve read this, thank you. I wish you a good 2021. 

I appreciate any replies.


EDIT: I just wanted to edit this post in case anyone checks back. First off, thank you so much for all of the awards and replies. The response has overwhelmed me and made me feel less alone. I hate that other people are going through what I am but it makes me feel like I am not alone. 

Second, just to answer a few common replies. My family has been through social security and disability. My parents are literally dollars over the line set by the government for SNAP and other assistance. We have been denied many times. My sister receives disability but it took many denials and paying a lawyer in order to get it. It’s also a very small amount. My brother was also denied and a lawyer says mental health disabilities are harder to get approved. If anyone has info or has been through getting disability for mental health reasons (my brother has schizophrenia), please reach out to me.  

Recently we applied for disability for my mother and she was denied because of my father’s pension and not having enough working credits. My mom turns 62 in June so we are looking forward to her early basic social security and maybe being able to get her on Medicare. Her private insurance through my dads old work (he’s retired) doesn’t cover paying me as a home health aid or even hiring a professional home health aid. I am hoping that’s something I can do through Medicare when my mom can get it.


My father recently got Medicare but after doing a screening with a nurse and everything they say he doesn’t qualify to pay for a home health aid. My father has his good days still and loves to hide his abusive and weak side. I tried to get my father into a nursing home but he doesn’t meet the criteria. In may my father stayed at a inpatient rehab after a fall, for about 2 weeks. I told the social worker all the issues going on. I told the doctor who asked why he was on psych meds, that he was abusive and I didn’t want him to come home. That I didn’t want to and couldn’t care for him AND my mother. That his moods were unstable. The doctor offered nothing, wouldn’t even change his meds or offer a plan for discharge. No one flinched at me saying I can’t care for him or that he’s abusive. They simply didn’t see it as their problem to help. Even the social worker. 

I have tried getting snap benefits for myself but because I live with my parents they’re included in the household. I also forgot to mention I live just outside of NYC. So our mortgage is very expensive as you can imagine. 

I am sorry if I rambled. I’m trying to get out and remember all of the details. The most important thing I have to say is THANK YOU. To everyone that awarded, replied, messaged, and even just read my post. I promise you I am NOT going to kill my self. I don’t have plans or ever make or think about plans. I just felt hopeless and felt like no one else was listening. From the bottom of my heart thank you to this subreddit.

Post 672: I got a gun to kill myself and my parents found out about it before I could do it.
Content:
Hello, everyone. Pretty long rant ahead so grab something if you care to read.

I'm a 17-year-old dude, I live somewhere in North Africa, I've been dealing with mental illness for more than 3 years now. I'm kinda traumatized because of all the bullying I've been dealing with since I was young, I don't really get bullied now but I can get verbally hurt as I can't really deal with the other party due to the lack of my social skills. Anyways, I didn't have any chance to make a good long-term friendship in my short life. Mostly, they get bored of me or I just push them away. I decided to go to a therapist because those problems were affecting me in a very bad way and distracting me from studying. But it didn't help much since the therapist wasn't that good. I decided to cut myself and do other forms of self-harm, whether it's starving myself or purging whatever I ate, etc.. A year later, my parents noticed my unhealthy behavior and decided to take me to a psychiatrist, I was diagnosed then with Schizophrenia and Severe Depression, I began to take medications and they helped me a lot but the side effects were taking away a lot from me, my memory was and still pretty corrupted and I wasn't able to do everyday activity, in addition to blurry vision, vertigo, etc., I was in the last year of High School and exams came so I stopped going to the psychiatrist. I got a really bad grade despite doing my best, I stopped taking my medications cold turkey. I went to a below-average college and my mental state is really declining. I was able to get a pistol but my parents found out about it. My plan was ruined and I'm under some kind of suicide watch. I really can't take it anymore, just everyone telling me to "Man up!" and "A lot of people are going through worse", I'm also kinda guilt-tripped.

I just came here and wrote this from a throwaway account because no one really listens to me, most of my "friends" can't really be relied on, and I felt like taking this off my chest. Thanks to whoever read the whole thing.

Post 673: Thinking about killing myself makes me feel calm
Content:
I find it really soothing to know I can disappear whenever I want. It quiets all other thoughts, because I realize nothing will matter once I'm dead.

Post 674: So scared to die because I might even fail at that.
Content:
The worst depression day ever.

Post 675: Im going to kill myself in few hours .
Content:
There is no other way anymore I have lied and been an idiot and a failure for my entire life . There is no turning back anymore and nothing can fix this . There really is no fixing this . 

Im 19 years old fucked up my entire life I have mutilated my body and ruined my life by letting my mental health detiorate till I ented up being trapped in my lies. Its been years . 
I have been depressed my entire life , on top of that i have dysphoria and purge often . 
Im going to clean my room and get rid of my stuff . Once its dark im going for a walk and will overdose on pills and vodka and stil my wrist or maybe ill go and get a rope either way today is the day .  
I dont know why im posting this . 
Ive been in pain for years i feel so empty and wrong and evil and have felt like that my entire life .  I need someone to know  so im posting it here .

Edit: 
Thank all of you for reaching out . I wish the best for you all . Ive cleaned my room left a note and visited a friend im going to my (hopelly ) final  destination now , thanks and good luck in life.

Post 676: TW. Failed suicide attempt, currently admitted in the hospital
Content:
So, i tried to kms earlier. Took every single pill i could find. Drank way too much alcohol to make it worse and i was planning to finish things off by hanging myself. I got as far as OD and drunk as fuck, but a friend who i was in call with ratted me out to my bf and he rushed home and poked my throat to get as much as he could out. Bf then rushed me to the ER and I’ve currently been admitted into a stress ward. I should feel happy that I survived but honestly I’m upset that i didnt fucking die.

Post 677: I want to commit suicide as a means of escaping adulthood.
Content:
There are a lot of new responsibilites and expectations that come with being an adult, none of which I think I can handle. I’m a pathetic mess of a person who barely manages to acomplish the most basic of tasks, there’s not a chance in hell I could live independently, keep up a job and manage my money properly in order to pay expenses and just general living costs. If anything the fact that i’m 20 and still living at my dad’s place only solidifies that point. I should be responsible for myself at this age but i’m not. So maybe I should just die instead to avoid further embarrassment.

Post 678: Casually suicidal?
Content:
I would love for things to stop. Time to hold still and so slowly fade. Suicide will never be that peaceful.
I think abt death often. I don't necessarily have plans for life. I'm just patiently waiting for death. Like at a bus stop. I might read a book to pass time but my destination is so peaceful I can't help but to want to go there. 
I'm constantly afraid. Of everything. Feeling silence would be amazing

Point of this? Idk I never told anyone this cus they would worry but I feel like i need to. Don't worry tho~ most likely I won't be taking an active role. I've desired death even stronger than now and I've been too afraid. So.

Edit : thanks for the comments. Its nice knowing I'm not alone. If anyone would like advice since I'm just "waiting at my bus stop" doing what I can enjoy has been a great way to spend time. I'm in love with art. But hey if geeky stuff or insects is ur calling yo for it without shame. It's probably gonna be the thing keeping u alive

Post 679: I was born a hermaphrodite and I want to die because of it.
Content:
I don't even know how to put all of my thoughts down properly here. I've been having terrible emotional breakdowns lately and I have no idea if talking about it will even help. All of the problems in my life are directly tied to a condition I was born with and how I've been treated because of it.

Based on what I know, when I was born my biological sex was ambiguous and doctors tried to have me surgically "corrected" into a female. My parents have denied knowing anything about it, but they refuse to let me have access to my medical records even though I'm an adult. The only reasons I have information about it are because of scars, genital pain, and hormone/ internal ultrasound testing from my gyno.

Nothing about my body is sexually correct. I have breasts, but I have male pattern chest hair and pubic hair. I have what should be a vagina, but it's actually just a small hole so narrow that I can't even use a tampon, much less have sex with it. I was born with a phallus, but they shaved it down until it was the appropriate size to be a clitoris. It hurts a lot now, even as an adult. Its like a terrible stinging sensation that gets so bad sometimes that it's brought me to tears before. I can't even touch the left side of it because it stings and burns so badly. 

I've always known that something was wrong about my body, even as a kid I knew that certain things weren't right and that I didn't feel the way that other girls did. My parents refused to acknowledge it and hid everything from me.

My parents were very rigid about gender roles when I was growing up and they punished me whenever I didn't behave like my forcibly assigned sex. Most of my earliest memories are of me crying because I was forced to wear dresses, makeup, and necklaces. I vividly remember begging my mom not to pierce my ears and spending my whole childhood wishing my ears would close up again because wearing earrings made me feel deeply sick.

When I got older, it just got worse. My parents wouldn't let me have hobbies or join clubs that they thought "weren't for my gender." they stopped me from doing even simple things like learning to play the trumpet. They refused to ever let me cut my hair above shoulder length and would only let me wear clothes that were "girl colors". If I did anything that deviated from what they wanted, they would scream at me and call me a faggot or a dyke. Even now as an adult living in their house they do this, and they've said physically threatening things like "You're not too old for us to spank you." 

When I turned 18 I started having serious medical problems. I ended up with an exceedingly rare kidney disorder from a hormone imbalance that came from the surgeries I was forced to have as a baby. I nearly died from it that winter, but still my parents told me nothing about my medical history. 

I didn't get diagnosed until I was 20, when my pain was getting so horrific that I had to quit school and my job. I went for my first visit to a gyno and she told me that I was abnormal. I felt like a complete idiot when she told me. My parents had always pulled  me out of sex ed in school, and I was raised in such a strict religious environment that I sincerely had never seen what anatomy was supposed to look like.

And I felt so broken and stupid then. 

I was so scared of what would happen that I didn't tell my parents anything that my doctor told me. I had been dating my boyfriend for years already and I was so scared to tell him that I waited months before I said anything to him either. 

I just feel like such a failure. I was never even remotely happy as a woman, but I know that my family, my boyfriend, and everyone else could never accept me as a man either. And I've never felt like a man in the first place. I've always felt like I was something between that, even as far back as I can remember. But I know that people could never understand that. Even someone as loving, patient, and kind as my boyfriend can't fully understand how deeply this hurts me.

I feel so completely alone in the world. I feel mutilated. I feel like a disappointment to my family because I can never be what they wanted physically or emotionally. I can't take the pain anymore either. I'm constantly peeing blood and my kidney feels like a knife in my back. I've been suffering from depression and dysphoria since early childhood, and years of therapy haven't helped me. 

I just want it to end. No more talk from my parents about how my entire existence is a sin. No more feeling like I'm a horrible mistake. And no more feeling like it's going to destroy my relationship and hurt the only person who ever truly loved me. 

I wish there were a way to fix this. I wish my parents had left my body alone and raised me in a way where I could have been myself. But now I feel so lost and alone that I don't even know who or what I am.


Post 680: update: gonna attempt again and succeed this time
Content:
i was able to convince the nurses that i'm completely over suicide because of how physically painful this attempt was (see previous post), and i pretended to have a sudden epiphany about how great life is and how i have passions i want to pursue and i regret attempting, etc.

the doc has no concerns over my physical state and he said i got extremely lucky for having only been underwater for a very short amount of time, so i should be free to go tomorrow.

once i get home, i'm finally gonna be able to say goodbye.

thanks for being nice in my previous post. i appreciate the time you took to comment.

Post 681: I'm jumping off a building in a few hours to end my pain.
Content:
I never knew the worst case of depression is when tears are no longer flowing in your eyes. Since last month, I've been taking high dosages of antidepressants hidden from everyone but myself. I had no one to rely on, my bestfriend gets mad whenever I speak about my anxieties, saying that she's afraid to be with someone who is mentally and emotionally unstable. I can't speak to my parents about how I feel because they just tell me that "Everybody has problems" and force me to keep going on with the routines I should be doing. I just want to shut down. I have no self-esteem left and I have never felt this way before. This is probably going to be my last reddit post. I left home earlier today ready to do this. I've been told that I'd go to hell when I die, perhaps it's time to go and check it out.

Post 682: My daugher passed in my arms 5 days ago
Content:
My beautiful baby daughter Eleanor Rose Wallace was born on the 31st of January. She was perfect, chubby and beautoful little baby. But something happened with the placenta and she struggled for 02. They cooled her for 72 hours  without issue. Then during warming the seizures started. They continued and continued for 5 days. On my Birthday, doctors completed an MRI and decided, her brain was not sufficiently undamaged for her to have a decent life, if any. The decision was made to let her go. She died in my arms as I read her stories and sang to her. I watched as she took her last breath and her heart stopped. I cant accept it. I don't want to be in a world that does this. I want to cremate her, and then I want to follow her. I wanted to be her dad so so so much. I mourn everything I didn't get to do. I mourn my beautiful precious Eleanor. My world feels empty and dark. I don't see joy, I dont see hope

Post 683: Do you ever just want to talk to someone about your suicidal feelings but then anxiety grabs you by the throat and chokes you until you have a breakdown?
Content:
I’m autistic so I’m very prone to the classic ‘autistic meltdowns’. I feel like my condition stops me from being happy and normal, instead I’m viewed as very weird and obsessive.

People in the past have scared me enough to barely talk verbally nowadays. I know if I were normal, I’d be happy and successful. No one will accept that my condition has made me a failure.

Yet I can’t talk about it to anyone about this, I just end up exploding and then overdose on my sleeping meds (nowhere near enough to kill me, but enough to knock me out pretty fucking hard).

I dunno, I’m a mess tbh! :)

Post 684: I plan my suicide 1-3 times per day
Content:
if I get an urge to end my life while I'm at work, out running errands, with friends, etc., I usually zone out without realizing and think through exactly how I can kill myself after I leave that function. e.g. "I can go to this store for a rope but they close at 9, so I'll have to leave early, then I can go here, so on and so forth". 

Does anyone else have this issue ? I'll usually zone out for 30 seconds or so and people are wondering why I look all spaced out

Post 685: The love of my life killed himself three weeks ago
Content:
Ive decided to go too. Nothing makes sense in this world without him it feels like I can't breathe. 

I really just needed to tell someone before I do it. 

Thank you all❤️

Post 686: Can you imagine being genuinely happy?
Content:
Free of depression and all of your mental illnesses? Just being completely normal and enjoying life and wanting to get old? Seems so unreal to me

Post 687: Truly believe life isn’t meant for everyone.
Content:
I don’t fit in anywhere. I feel like an outsider. My brain doesn’t function the way that I want it too. I don’t know how to speak properly, my memory is shit and I feel so dumb all of the time. I can’t survive in this society and I just want out. I shouldn’t have to fight this hard to stay alive. I shouldn’t have to feel guilty about not wanting to exist. It’s my choice at the end of the day. Yeah, my family will hurt for a while but they’ll get over it eventually. The world will go on with or without me. I stopped caring about everything a long time ago and just want out. It’s time I stop being a burden. I promise everyone will be better off without me. I’ve made peace with my decision. 

I hope I fade away into eternal nothingness.

Post 688: I want to kill myself, pls read this.
Content:
So I am adopted, but by my grandparents... It's weird, but my mom is an alcoholic, drug abuser. She and her hundreds of boyfriends threatened me and my grandma so many times I've lost count. I have to deal with this all my life and being the loud, weird, nerd of my whole school. Threatened and bullied more by a boy slightly older than me who had threatened to shoot me if I didn't listen to him, he had the gun, we went into to lockdown(I was a fifth grader) then he shoved me to the ground leaving me with bruises. \\IMPORTANT// I started harming myself and having suicidal thoughts. I would get episodes where whenever I looked at something my twisted mind would transform it into a method of suicide, I had been cutting for so long. I cried myself to sleep and used razors that created mark that bled for 30 minutes each I'm miserable \\QUESTION// how do I get help without my parents consent(only have 3 visits with counselor which I've used all)

Post 689: Bye guys. I had a good run.
Content:
21 and as invincible as Mark Grayson.

I guess it’s funny that my last few moments are spent here on Reddit. Maybe my karma will help me reach enlightenment or some shit.

My last meal is gonna be some soup I’m making.

Update: My wife talked me out of it last night. The soup was good. Not my last meal after all. We’re going to eat some for breakfast together. I really love her.

Update: Sorry I can’t reply to everyone. I wanted to say thanks for the support and messages, guys.

Post 690: I’m struggling to find a reason to hold on
Content:
It’s just hit me all at once today how difficult my life is. I’m a trans man who’s had to endure 20 years of being raised by a narcissistic, transphobic mother and completely oblivious relatives that did nothing about it. I’ve been severely bullied for the vast majority of my educational life, been in an abusive relationship and I’ve been assaulted in every sense of the word. On top of all that, my fiancée almost died three days ago.

I’m currently bawling my eyes out in my university flat, realising I shouldn’t have had to go through all of that. I’m just feeling utterly lost and I have no idea how to keep myself going.

Post 691: Its amazing how people act so attention-seekingly on social media when people die. Its one of the reasons i wont kill myself.
Content:
The subject speaks for itself really. I just cant get over how so many f\*\*\*ing worthless maggots would try to make my suicide a big  deal for them. Even in the face of the fact that none of them have have even cared the slightest bit about me or my wellbeing.

F\*\*\* those people

Post 692: Every time I hear that someone I know committed suicide, I feel jealous.
Content:
Jealous that they had the guts to do something I'm too chicken to do despite how much I want it. They got their out and it's just not fair.

Post 693: "Please don't do it in front of a train, that will traumatize people"
Content:
I used to agree with that statement, until the day of my attempt. People have NO idea what kind of mindset you enter when you're 'ready' to leave the world. It's an irrational and terrifying feeling of death becoming a friend you're ready to meet. It's a state of mind that no human should ever have to endure. Judging someone's method comes from a place of tremendous mental health privilege.

Post 694: Rape has turned me into a suicidal mess 16F
Content:
I’ve been raped multiple times in my life by multiple people starting at the age of 8 and most recently 14. 

This has really fucked me up mentally to the point that I started purposely getting myself into dangerous situations with pedophiles so I could get money or alcohol so at least I could get something out of it.

I stopped for a while but I’ve started doing it again. I just hate myself so much. It’s not even illegal anymore because I’m 16. And I guess I probably deserved it if I’m being such a slut now. 

I hate myself. My innocence and everything is gone already no one wants to have normal sex. Only creepy people who want to hurt me do. I’m scared of getting raped so I stop it happening by consenting and getting alcohol and money out of it.

I feel so stupid and alone. I want to stop but at the same time I don’t. I think one of these days I’m going to have to go to a mental hospital. I’m going mad I feel depressed and suicidal. I want to be innocent again but that can’t happen so I just give into the fact I’ll never have that and to people I’ll always be a broken slut who doesn’t deserve a life.

Post 695: I regret not killing myself last year. I don’t want to exist in 2023.
Content:
I can’t do this. I keep trying to at least pretend I’m okay but I’m not. It’s like I keep repairing a broken mask and trying to wear it but it can’t hold together anymore. I’m too disappointed in the way I handled my life. I can’t trust myself enough to try anymore. I’m just useless and I’m so damn exhausted.

Edit: guys I slipped and fell on my lower back/tailbone. Now I’m in legit physical pain too😞

Edit(01/10/23): why is it when I try to change my life for the better, when I take a step forward, I’m taken steps back or I fall down and hurt myself (literally and figuratively) and I’m setback from everything for a long time??? This keeps happening to me and i feel defeated.

Post 696: Every second is either extreme pain or extreme insomnia and delusions.
Content:
My wife is gone. My health is deteriorating fast. Im in pain all day every day anymore. My cat lightly steps on my leg and it makes me tick really hard and makes my heart feel like it's going to explode from anxiety. Its so bad that it shoots even more pain down my back and left arm.

I cant go to the mental health hospital because of how traumatizing my 5 day stay was. My wife held me then. She told me everything was going to be okay and I wouldn't have to go back. They need to give me a feeding tube and pain meds and just let me go as fast as possible. Additionally I cant afford to even miss 1 day of work. They keep you there so long.

Im autistic, have PTSDC, major depression, and an anxiety disorder; this cant really be how life is for everyone, right? I need help.

Post 697: Anyone else feel like they just aren’t meant for life?
Content:
I’ve been trying so hard for my loved ones sake. But I just can’t. I can’t fit the mold of living in a way that’s respectful to myself and others. I’m so full of self hate and doubt.I hate the person I’ve become. But it’s who I am now, it’s not a sickness anymore, it’s me. I don’t know any other way of life besides what I am now. I just don’t fit the mold of life. I can’t be happy I can’t be sad I’m just here. I’ve always romanticized suicide but the more I think about it the more of a viable and inevitable option it becomes. Is it so wrong of me to want to rid the world of myself, so I can stop fighting, stop feeling hollow. Is it selfish to do that? I don’t see how such a inter personal action could be considered selfish. Idk anymore

Post 698: being an ugly girl makes me want to kill myself so fucking badly.
Content:
i wish something as superficial as looks didnt matter so much in society. i cant endure being ugly any longer. im so fucking done.

edit: oh wow, i just woke up and this post blew up. thanks for all your comments and dms, and im sorry for anyone going thru the same. i hope we can find some peace :'(

Post 699: I go from okay, even elated, to suicidal in a matter of minutes, even seconds.
Content:
Such small things and inconveniences trigger me. I just want to stop existing. my life isn’t hard and yet I can’t seem to function or understand any of it

Post 700: Therapy was the worst thing that happened to me
Content:
A few years ago when I was suicidal I was lied to by my therapist and told we were going to the hospital for an emergency prescription change. At the time, it made sense. But looking back I feel like such an idiot. 

As I got to the hospital I was honest about how I felt suicidal, but made no plans to commit suicide, and had no method. The doctor told me that soon he’d have a discussion with me about what would be best for me. The second they got me a wheelchair I knew my mistake. I shouldn’t have been honest at all. They all lied to me. There was no discussion, no prescription change. They locked me up in the hospital and for three days I didn’t even know how long I’d be there. 

When I finally got to meet with the doctors there, they wouldn’t listen to me and continuously mocked me and treated me like a child. They were obsessed with stupid parts of my life and wouldn’t listen to my diagnosis I told them I already had (Episodic Depression or Major Depressive? I forget because it’s been a few years and we’ve talked about other things) what I do remember is that at the end of the week they said they diagnosed me with the one I already said I have, like it was new!!!! Like THEY diagnosed me and not my psychiatrist at college!! 

One of the stupid things they were obsessed with was my relationship with my best friend (who is a guy- I’m a woman) and I had to repeatedly clarify he was a friend and they kept trying to get more information about it. It was so fucking weird. Like they asked me who my support system was and I said, “my friends, like this girl, that girl, and Guy” and they’re like WHO IS GUY!!!!!!!!!!! Like it would be such an enlightening thing for me to elaborate on even though I already said he’s a friend of mine. 

I had made some friends while I was in there. Some I still keep in contact with. But worst was just that Im now thousands of dollars in debt from this whole experience. 

I had nightmares for weeks. The anxiety of being locked up completely against your will with no way to contact the outside world but a monitored phone did real damage to me. Having no privacy, no real clothes, being constantly treated like a child- it was all so terrible. 

It sucked. It wasn’t worth it. I’ve learned to NEVER tell a therapist you’re suicidal.

Post 701: I am commiting suicide in 10 days, I feel like I'm the worst person in the world.
Content:
I have been keeping a big secret for 4 years now. My family thinks I have been going to university for the past 4 years but little did they know, including my friends and relatives, that i dropped out in the middle of the first semester of my freshman year. I managed to keep it a secret from all of them by forging false documents and giving them assurance every time they ask me a question about how my academics was going. It also helps that the University is 2 hours away from my home so I actually rent near it. I go home every weekend thinking "do they know already?". I know a lot about my field as I practice it every now and then by working with a licensed engineer. I don't make a lot of money from it though but the things I learned that is connected to the degree program is what kept me from blanking when asked by my family about my academic life.

I have run out of time. The graduation from the University is 10 days away and everyone thinks I am graduating. And I am somewhat happy, that I can finally end my life. I have been such a big disappointment for my parents. I am their only child. I cry everytime I imagine what my mom would feel after I do it. My girlfriend, who by the way also doesn't know anything broke up with me yesterday, which makes the goodbye part of it all very hard. I have planned everything out already, from what i'll use to when and where. I just wanted to vent some of the heaviness from my chest. I feel so sad about my parents and my (ex) girlfriend. I am gonna start writing my suicide letters tomorrow. Thank you guys.

Post 702: No matter how bad it gets I have music
Content:
And if music doesnt do the job anymore I have  suicide I guess.

Post 703: I pulled the trigger
Content:
I pulled the trigger on my 1851 navy to my head. it hangfired and I jerked it away last half second and it put a hole in my roof. Why did it not kill me, why am i still alive. Im shaking. It happened 5 minutes ago. My parents are crying. I'm only 17. Why did I do this. My right ear hurts really bad.

I'm another failed fucking attempt.

Post 704: I feel more suicidal when i see people with a better life
Content:
Does anyone else has the same feeling? I wish i could just be happy for them without the jealousy and suicidal feelings boiling inside me

Post 705: I was going to do it but called my aunt instead
Content:
Two days ago I told my dad I was going on a run around the block even though it was snowing and freezing outside. I ended up taking a knife with me and just walked to my school and hid behind a trash can. I was going to cut my neck and wrists while I called my ex-best friend to ask her to stop me because I needed someone to talk to but she has me blocked I mean I have her blocked too so idk what I was thinking. But I just had a full on melt down as my tears froze to my face. I ended up calling my aunt. She didn’t really help but I ended up staying at her house and slept all day. Now I’m just binge watching Courage the Cowardly Dog. Idk, I’m tired. Goodnight.

Post 706: My mom threw a knife at me.
Content:
Context:  We were having an argument about consent. I always wear shorts at home and our house is pretty conservative and packed with family members, with a few older men such as my cousins and uncle. I always get anxious so I have this habit of bouncing my leg up and down. My mom scolded me about it multiple times, telling me to not do it because it means “attracting people to have sex with me” ( I am 16 by the way, the youngest in our household with the exception of my nephew). This time she was in a bad mood and unfortunately caught me bouncing my leg while wearing shorts which means my upper thigh is a bit shown. We were upstairs in the bedroom and she was using a small knife to cut off the straw from a box of groceries. The moment she caught me she fucking yelled at me saying that I was being a whore and stuff like that. I tried reasoning with her calmly and told her it was because I’m anxious about my school but she didn’t budge. She kept blabbering about what might happen if one my cousins or uncle saw what I was doing or the way I was dressed, they’d think I’m inviting them to have sex. I told her that just because I’m doing this does not mean I want to have sex because my neither my actions nor my clothing mean consent. She continued arguing about how they may be my relatives but they’re still “men” and added that she hopes I get raped so I’ll learn my lesson. I tried to counter one last time but then she fucking flung the knife right at me. She obviously missed on purpose but at that moment, my whole life fucking froze. She was fuming at me and said that next time I say things about consent and shit like that she won’t miss anymore.

Now, before I had been doing self harm and once even attempted to commit suicide. In those times, my mom was so hurt for me and kept telling me that my life mattered and all that shit. When I realized how much I was hurting her before I stopped no matter how depressive my state was. But now, my own fucking mother wanted me to die and hell, get raped. You know, I’m thinking, maybe I was right before. About just dying. Everyday I think about dying but I try so hard to stop myself from having these thoughts because I love my mama. But just when I’m starting to recover, my own mother wants me dead and literally fucking flung a knife at me. Sure, she missed but what if she didn’t? What if it didn’t kill me but left me fucking incapacitated? What if did really kill me? I was happy that I’m slowly getting better but right now, I might as well be better off gone.


Edit: Hi, so I just want to let you guys know that this was the first time I’ve ever talked about my problems at home. I don’t talk about it to literally anyone, even my friends and I do not have a therapist. I just wanna say thank you for all the support and I promise I’ll try my best to stay here. :D

Edit 2: Just wanna inform you guys that my mom has high blood pressure which might explain her explosive attitude but most certainly won’t excuse them. From now on, I’ll refrain from arguing with her for the sake of both of our health. Also, for everyone telling to hit up CPS, I appreciate your advices but our country’s CPS here is mostly for juveniles (correct me of I’m wrong) and like, rebellious kids I think and kinda treats them badly so I don’t think they’d do my mental health any better. Strange as it may be, my mom is the only parent I have left since my dad’s out the picture (another reason why I stopped trying to kill myself, I didn’t want my mom to be alone). She’s all I have right now and basically, all I can do right now is try to keep things as smooth as possible to avoid any more trouble in the future.

Post 707: A follow up
Content:
After downing more than 120 pills last, I spent most of the night asleep like a normal person would just what felt deeper. No ability left in my hands to use the gun laying at my feet, I was a plank of wood flat on the ground, that was until the the vomiting on to myself happened. I spent what felt like hours like that, the pain worsening, I felt at peace. It stopped all at once, I woke up to beeping and buzzing, my stomach had been pumped. 
So if you’re wondering if I’m still here yes, yes I am I’m just really fucking bad at killing myself. Next time, when I get out of here I’ll just go straight for the gun. I’ll apologize about the mess on a post-it. I always wasn’t one to make someone clean up for me but if I go out, that’s all I really care about. 
I’ll be in the ICU, until they know all my whatever the fucks are stable, I guess downing a bunch of anti psychotics isn’t safe, at least that’s what they told me. 
The worst part about this, is I just feel everyone on here will be happy to hear I failed, like this isn’t a throw away and these will probably be my only two posts, and that I will succeed one day. Maybe I’ll come back here for that rant, or maybe this was just bad luck. 
Anyways I’m tired from this all, I’m a fucking failure for a fourth time in a row. I hate this more than I think you’ll ever know. I’ll talk to you guys later.

Post 708: In twenty six days, I am throwing a moving away party. I don't have the heart to tell my friends I am thinking about taking my life shortly afterwards rather than go through with my move.
Content:
It's strange to me how happy I feel now that I've picked the date. I feel at peace with the idea, but I haven't made any specific plans yet on the method.  


The reasons why I'm suicidal and why I'm moving are really similar. I feel so broken and tired. I've battled mental illness for 12 of the 24 years I've been alive. It's really drained me and robbed me of my full potential. Whenever I seem to find a little bit of calm in between big storms, things come crashing down. 

I'm a high functioning depressed person. I have an active social life. I have a good job. I have some good hobbies. I try to see a therapist and take medication. But deep down, there's a lot of darkness I carry. Nobody knows at work that I constantly question how I should take my life everyday, or if life is worth living. It's the first thought through my head when I wake up. When I've tried to open up to people, they treat me like I'm a burden or a liability. I feel so trapped in a persona that I've built for myself - I put up a facade of a happy and energetic person. I decided to set a date to move to leave everything behind and start a new life. But the big secret I carry is I don't want to start over.

I've really struggled. I've taken countless meds, I've seen a therapist for over three years. I've learned to lie to my boss or people close to me about how I've been feeling. I'm really tired. I tried to kill myself when I was 12 and got hospitalized. I thought that was a low point I would rebuild from. Six years later, when I was 18, my girlfriend hung herself. This year, I got diagnosed with bipolar II. I'm sick of countless crazy side effects from these psychiatric drugs. I don't want to keep having to try to fight this for the rest of my life.

So in 26 days, my friends will all get together for one last party. They'll say their goodbyes, and they'll make peace with not seeing me again for a long time. I think this is the time I'm going to do this. I could move 800 miles away, but that only brings me opportunity to just get hurt again. I don't want to live anymore. I love the people in my life so much, but I can't carry this anymore. I want to die so badly.  


I know this will break some people close to me. That tears me up so bad. But in the end, this is something I need to do for myself.

Post 709: I cried tonight realizing that suicide was not an option anymore
Content:
For most of my life, I have found tremendous comfort in knowing that suicide was a dependable way out when everything was just too much.  Like a safety net... but the opposite.  In my mind I would play out different scenarios -- some quick and practical, others more extravagant and poetic.  I would always get that same feeling of freedom that people do when they imagine winning the lotto.  It was a huge help.

Recently, I have been supporting my wife through a very difficult period of grieving, and tonight I realized that if I was to end my life, it would completely break her.  So now, with great sadness, I have had to say goodbye to my reliable friend and protector.  The future seems so much harder now.  Thanks for listening.

Post 710: How is suicide a permanent solution to a temporary problem when the problem is life?
Content:
I don’t see the point of being alive, or experiencing life.

Why would anyone even want to live?

why should we bother to do anything?

I’m just tired of it all

I’m tired of existing. I’m tired of working. I’m tired of having to eat. I’m tired of waking up. I’m tired of chores. I’m tired of trying. I’m tired of maintaining myself. I don’t want to do anything. I just want to crawl into bed and not wake up. 

I’m exhausted. I just want to go to sleep forever.

Post 711: My partner tried to kill herself yesterday
Content:
It has been a tough few weeks. 

About a month ago my partner of 20 years told me that she thinks she’s gay. We have kids, a life, a hoped-for future. Now she wants to consider an open relationship initially and that long term thinks her future will be with a woman.

Then a week later she quit the professional training she’s been doing. Her whole life she has only managed to get short-term low paid jobs. She was 2 1/2 years into a 3 year process to be qualified in a professional career path. She would have qualified in May and been able to start getting paid work in that specialism. We’re left with the debt of the studies without the financial opportunity of the qualification. 

And then yesterday she tried to kill herself. She researched online how to prepare a noose and bought the kit. She went for a walk to a secluded wooded area near us. She had everything in place but stopped just short of the jump. 

Then she went and stood by a fast moving road planned to step in front of one of the large trucks that thunder along it. But again, couldn’t do it. 

Then she came home, got in the bath and started cutting her wrists. Drew blood but stopped before it was fatal. 

I was unaware of all this until this morning when she showed me her wrist and then told me about the other two attempts. I had to unpack the belt and rope from her bag. Untie the noose and hide it somewhere. 

I’m devastated. Numb. Terrified. I love her deeply. We have teenage children. We have a good life. 

I’m upset and sad for her that she’s so ill. Mental illness has attacked her for years. She’s on meds and has a therapist. 

And I feel guilty for feeling so angry. I know that what she needs right now is kindness, compassion and support. And yet I also feel a boiling rage at the shit that has been dropped on me. I know she needs the opposite of anger right now. 

I don’t know what to do. 

I know you can’t fix it. I just wanted to be heard.

Post 712: Some people are just not cut out for life
Content:
When I read about successful, famous people who had it all, but still committed suicide, I know for sure that it’s just a matter of time for me.

Take, for instance, Elvis Presley’s grandson Benjamin Keough. He was handsome, rich and born into the world-renowned family, yet he still was unhappy throughout his short life and shot himself at the age of 27. His sister said that he was "too sensitive for this harsh world" – and you know what, so am I.

Or Jack London.

Osamu Dazai – “I want to die more than ever before. There's no chance now of a recovery. No matter what sort of thing I do, no matter what I do, it's sure to be a failure, just a final coating applied to my shame.”

Ryunosuke Akutagawa – "I am living now in the unhappiest happiness imaginable. Yet, strangely, I have no regrets. I just feel sorry for anyone unfortunate enough to have had a bad husband, a bad son, or a bad father like me. So goodbye, then ..."

Luigi Tenco.

Dalida – "Life is unbearable for me. Forgive me."

Kurt Cobain.

Anna Kavan – “I haven't felt anything for 20 years.”

Alejandra Pizarnik.

Vsevolod Garshin.

Steve Cash.

Mark Linkous.

George Sanders – “Dear World, I am leaving because I am bored. I feel I have lived long enough. I am leaving you with your worries in this sweet cesspool. Good luck.”

And countless more.

All those artists, writers and musicians who brought joy and comfort to my life, they all suffered throughout theirs, and died young due to severe addictions or eventually killed themselves.

For years, I haven’t enjoyed anything. I want nothing from this life – I want out.

Post 713: I just want to love a girl and be loved why is that so impossible?
Content:
I’m 21 and my friends all think I’m weird because I’m looking for love and not just a hook up but I’m not good enough for a date. No girl has ever liked me and no girl ever will. I’m just sick of being alone and I don’t even wanna wake up anymore

Post 714: Does anyone else just wish someone would come up behind them and just shoot them in the head?
Content:
I want to die so beyond badly, but I dont have the courage to do it myself. I'm afraid of failing, becoming brain dead, becoming paralyzed, getting committed and losing my job, my boyfriend... I just wish someone would do it quick for me this way I wouldn't be scared or nervous about it. Itd just finally be over. I'm such a coward...

Post 715: I just woke up from a suicide attempt
Content:
I (13f) just woke up from last night after attempting to kill myself. I layed there for almost 2 hours thinking about everything and it gave me the strength to keep going. I thought about all the things I wouldn’t have got to do. Going to high school, graduating, having kids, moving to indiana (the state I wanna live in, dont ask). I believe this really changed me because you dont really realize how much you regret it till you try it. It was such an odd experience. Waking up with everything still, phone charged, messages from people that werent aware it couldve been a message I would’ve never read.

This is my sign, its not gonna be easy but im gonna get thru. Im gonna pull thru. 

Also thanks to eminem for his music keeping me sane when I woke up.

Post 716: why do i have to work? why am i forced to work? why can't i just live without working
Content:
No one cares about mentally ill/disorder people like me and force us to work and call us lazy even tho we can't because of immense pain and feeling dead inside

Post 717: ever feel like you weren't meant to be in this world?
Content:
I feel like I belong nowhere. A lot of the time, when I try doing something I always wanted to do, I ask myself after "is that really it?". I feel like I should be in another world or something

Post 718: I cry almost every night because I did this disgusting thing and I can’t stop thinking about it
Content:

I once masturbated to the thought/ picture of my sister I found these photos and I regret, hate just everything I hate myself so much for doing it I feel like a failure as a brother I pray every night for someone’s forgiveness, I was so horny and it’s like I can’t control myself from what I get off to sometimes when I’m horny. There has been one time where I thought abt suicide bc it was stuck in my head and what’s worse I have a gf which just baffles me on why I would or did this it hurts me so much (I’m 15 idk if I should add this I suffer from severe depression nd anxiety)

Post 719: Fuck fear
Content:
Keeps you from living, keeps you from dying.

Post 720: It’s my 25th birthday
Content:
& ive never wanted to die more in my life

Edit: I had never been on this sub before. I typed suicide into the search bar after an intense breakdown. I wrote out my post and hit send. Force closed the app. I went for a walk with my son who’s under one. I forgot I had even posted this till right now while I’m sitting on the toilet a day later. I’m currently bawling my eyes out in relief. I am curious about the future. Today feels lighter than the societal pressures of yesterday. I am for lack of a better word overwhelmed by what an amazing community this sub is and I’m thankful for all of your support. Please keep pushing one day at a time if you felt anything like I did yesterday. For those of you asking, yes I have been through a tremendous amount of difficult lessons as I’m sure many of you have. I’m currently watching my mother battle her bipolar disorder while trying to raise a child hoping this won’t be his future watching me. But being rational enough to know mental illness is a constant battle. 

Thank you all again. I love myself. But I am exhausted. I feel as if I’m army crawling through life with bloody fingers.

But I’ll keep on keepin on.

Post 721: I told my boyfriend I felt suicidal so he blocked me on everything without a word.
Content:
I know it’s my fault.  He was in a vulnerable state and I’ve been supporting him the best I can but I’m going through shit too especially I’m hormonal from getting my IUD put in. I told him I was thinking about suicide and he just instantly blocked me on everything. Didn’t break up with me, nothing, just blocked and changed his relationship status. I’m so hurt and upset. I thought I could trust him. I thought he loved me. I should’ve known better. I am not lovable. I am worthless, pathetic, stupid piece of shit that everyone learns to hate eventually. I’ve got to be the problem… anyway in the past 24 hours I’ve taken maybe 7 pills of klonopin? And I also chugged a twisted tea and a monster. Now I feel hot and dizzy. But I think I’ll be fine right? Not gonna die? Unless I decide to finish the job with the 104 cogentin pills I’ve been hoarding. And more alcohol. We will see, I have yet to decide. I mean my head is already saying yes but part of me is holding back and I don’t know why. Nothing gets better. I’m going to die alone. I’m a horrible person. I want to die I want to fucking die I want to die. Stop being scared you fucking idiot. You deserve this and everyone will be better off for it. Just swallow the pills. Then you’ll finally feel safe. 

Update: wow, thank you for all the support, everyone. It means a lot to me and makes me feel like my thoughts and feelings are valid, so thank you. As for me wanting to off myself, I still do, but the desire isn’t as intense as before. Either way, my friend kinda talked me down and I promised them that I will call them first if I feel like I’m about to do it. Oh and btw, still no contact from him. I’ll update again if need be, but this is how things are right now. Thank you again for all the support <3

Post 722: I tried to kill myself yesterday and now i’ve lost everyone i cared about. 
Content:
I’m checking myself into hospital if i get to that point. But the damage has been done.     
I completely went into some kind of catatonic state and walked for an hour and a half around our city. I slashed by wrists deeper than i’ve ever done in my life on that walk. 
 My gf freaked out and i haven’t spoken to her at all since i first got back. My best friend found me. He’s the only one who talked to me when I got back. He hasn’t spoken to me since. I could barely speak. My legs are still in bits. I have slashes covering my arms including some that bled too much. The only reason i’m still here is because I threw up my guts last night.     
If i’ve lost these people I may as well try again. If i’m not hospitalised tomorrow, i’ll go home and stab myself, take every pill in this goddamn house and leave my body for whoever to find it.


   Why did they abandon me. I don’t understand why if they were worried, they have completely vanished? 

Post 723: What’s the point of a life without love?
Content:
Six years ago at the age of 29 I was diagnosed with breast cancer. Four years ago it progressed to Stage 4 so I’m basically just taking medications until they stop working and then switching to a new batch. Before long there won’t be anything left to try. 

Last year my husband left me. My father and brother only talk to me if I reach out. I have a handful of friends and I can only think of one who would be particularly heartbroken if I disappeared. 

I’m so lonely and I’m in constant pain. I don’t know why I bother sticking around anymore.

Post 724: Went to the ER for suicidal thoughts … huge mistake
Content:
I understand hospitals have certain protocols they must adhere to in these situations but after the experience I just had I will never do this again.  They didn’t help me at all, they just treated me like a criminal who was wasting their time & only seeking attention. Ultimately I had to force out my fake smile then lie through my teeth & tell them I was finally feeling better just to get out of there, I felt I didn’t have another choice.  The doctor then gave me a hotline number & prescribed sleeping pills …. This was shortly after I had told her I tried killing myself with pills & have struggled with addiction in the past … I feel embarrassed & ashamed for attempting to get help, I will never do it again …..

Now I am absolutely terrified of what’s going to happen the next time I feel like hurting myself because the place that was supposed to help me heal instead hurt me even further.  

I’m in this so deep that there is no longer any light at the end of my tunnel.  

I’m scared

Post 725: id kill myself for a hug
Content:
im 15 years old, introvert, i have a christian family, and we live in my grandmother's house.

i have an abusive father, who i always feared ever since i was born because of how he reacts on things. it feels like he could kill me at any moment. just hearing him talk gives me goosebumbs. he beats me up for being lazy and stupid at chores while my mother just watch as these things happen.

i don't see him as a father figure to me because of what he is. he is lazier than me, he doesn't have a job and he always ask my mother for money. he wants me to work, he's such an asshole. he isn't alcohic but he is a drug addict. and going to rehab didn't really didn't change that much to him.

i never thought of being depressed, but growing up made me to. i am a lights operator in our church but they don't really care about knowing me. they just want my skills which makes me want to leave. going to church and having fellowship with my fellow teens makes all that sadness go away. but everytime the fellowship stops, being lonely and sad takes over me again. i only have a few friends to talk to in church and i don't think anyone wants to talk to me. not everyone even the pastor talks to me.

i have a few friends at school and a best friend but going to school is so boring.

my cousins in my mother's side, live in a different house and they are just always there for me. we watched tons of movie franchises, introduced me to a lot of games and whenever they come on vacation they want me to come with them. they know how abusive my father is and they want me to leave home and live with them. but the fact that they always yell at each other and they always fight is just so annoying and it drives me insane.

in the looks of it, this year 2020 got me trapped with my family for 1 whole year. i never thought it's going to be fun, there no church service and being trapped with an abusive father drives me insane and it's making my depression so much worse.. my family including my aunts and cousin always fight and they always yell.. i cant sleep very well. and fuck i cant even do my homework. i don't want to talk to my friends about what i feel just because i don't trust them.

there is alot of times in a middle of a lockdown where i was left at home with my father, and he kicks me out of the house for waking up late and being lazy and i dont know where to go in the middle of the pandemic. there was no one there to defend me, my mother was at work and i don't want to go to cousins house because they drive me insane.

well its not his house we why the fuck kick me out.
my mom knows how abusive he is and she also knows about him kicking me out. but she doesn't even bother to do anything. my mother is so kind to this idiot and that's where i thought she'd pick his husband rather than his children, and there is nothing i can do about that.

just how toxic and messed up this life is.

things are so messed up.

i never thought i would ever do this but i just wanna leave, leave my family behind. disappear forever. never comeback. no one knows i felt this way. not literally anyone. not even me. 

i kept asking my self why the fuck is everyone so fucking toxic!!! it just hurts me so much. so much pain id rather kill myself than leave.. because i am nothing without them. they are my family, but they also let me down. but i'll still do it, even if how hard it is. 

i must have a lot of money when that time comes 3 years from now.. i'll pack all of the things that i bought myself. meet with my best friend. maybe kiss her goodbye for a good friendship she gave me. and leave forever and never comeback. maybe find another love. maybe find a job.. maybe fulfill my dreams.. 

or just kill myself.

my thoughts: i hate how people say they want to end their life because of how miserable their life is but read this and think straight if you are going through this much pain as me. no one, not even my best friend and family knows about this. only you, me and the next person reading this. i hope i have someone to talk to about my feelings. i don't know what to do. i feel like i could end me any second now. im not afraid of dying because i'm already living in hell. 

this is very tough for me, the whole world has a problem right now and this is happening to me all at the same time.

it's too much.

no one is serious enough to talk to me and so if you reached this far,

i love you.😢❤️

EDIT: thank you guys for all the hugs, all the advice and all the support. i appreciate it more than enough because it made me feel much better for now..

Post 726: Fuck this pointless world
Content:
Who the fuck decided we needed 12+ years of school then you need to work a miserable job until you die.  Same fucking routine every day, vacations once a year if you're lucky. How can people not be depressed? You're fucking brainwashed if you think that this is how life is supposed to be. 

Post 727: Does anyone get horrible, horrible heartache that literally is so physically painful?
Content:
When I'm sad, like really, really, sad, I get these sharp pains in my heart that are continuous and jerk tears. It hurts so much at times that it spreads throughout my body and I flinch and curl up in pain while my tears uncontrollably drop down my cheeks. My stomach hurts, and my whole body begins to ache, my head starts to pound and that's when I find comfort in the idea of ending it all - that there's a way out. Thinking about it gives me comfort. Writing letters to everyone gives me comfort. Until it feels real and it all comes back and I miss people that I love. I miss the way things were and I miss when i didn't fuck everything up. I miss when I was loved unconditionally.

Post 728: I'm NEVER opening up about being actively suicidal again.
Content:
I've been pushing everyone as far away as possible and isolating myself so that when I end it it hurts less for others. But recently I cracked under the pressure and told a friend and now he is trying to help me and I really don't want help. STOP TRYING TO ANCHOR ME TO THE WORLD

I WANT TO DIE. LET ME DIE. FUCK OFF. I HATE THAT YOU CARE. JUST HATE ME LIKE EVERYONE ELSE AND LEAVE SO THAT I CAN END IT. Just get it over with already.

Post 729: 16 years old. I went on a walk, and the light was golden on the trees that arched above me. It was like heaven's gates. It was like God telling me to come home.
Content:
Title. I'm thinking of ending it tonight. I went on a walk down to this lake by my house and God, it was beautiful. It was like one final send off from nature - almost as though in that moment, it had been put there for me. The lake was perfectly still, and that golden light was just gracing the tops of the trees. I'm not actually religious, but I think it was the universe's way of telling me to let go, to return to God.

I'm suicidal for a whole range of reasons. Have been for 8 years - half my lifetime. I've never come so close to ending it before. Something suddenly clicked a couple of nights ago and things became too painful to bear. The straw that broke the camel's back. I started cutting again. It didn't help. Nothing makes a dent in this pain and shame.

I can't tell if this handful of pills means I actually want to go, or if it's a cry for help. I know it's pathetic - but I think I'll only take 8, that's in the potential danger zone for people of my weight. It will be in the hands of the universe to decide if it's my time to go.

I just want someone to hear me. There are 690 people online. I hope someone's there to listen. I hope someone will maybe hold my hand over the internet if I go. It's a funny image, those hands reaching through those computer screens, but it makes me tear up.

I hope that if I succeed, someone else fails. Your life is worth something, if you're reading this. Mine isn't.

See you soon. I'll update this if I fail.

&#x200B;

\[UPDATE:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/htegww/long\_update\_16\_years\_old\_i\_went\_on\_a\_walk\_and\_the/](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/htegww/long_update_16_years_old_i_went_on_a_walk_and_the/) . Thank you to everyone who listened. Please read - it's for you.\]

Post 730: My sister told me to kill myself (part 2)
Content:
Part 1 (Read first): [https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/cd8n23/my\_sister\_told\_me\_to\_kill\_myself/](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/cd8n23/my_sister_told_me_to_kill_myself/)

Edit- Part 3: [https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/cjl0ro/my\_sister\_told\_me\_to\_kill\_myself\_part\_3/](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/cjl0ro/my_sister_told_me_to_kill_myself_part_3/)

My sister, later that day, *did* apologize (because mom told her to) but it seemed as if she wasn't even sorry. Her "apology" wasn't even sincere. She was laughing, looking away, rolling her eyes, as if the whole thing was a fucking joke.

My mom told the both of us that the situation between us has gotten way out of hand, and wants to do family counseling. My sister started arguing with mom, saying how she doesn't want to make up with me.

So I asked my sister, "Why are you mad at me?"

Of course, she didn't answer and ignored my question. I asked over and over again, but she didn't answer it.

The next day, I told my therapist that I tried to kill myself and she told me that I had to tell my mom. I told her, and she burst into tears. I also told her about all the hurtful things my sister said to me over the years.

Mom: Why didn't you tell me any of this?

Me: I thought you wouldn't believe me, because you and dad always knew her as a nice person.

Eventually, we had to tell dad about what happened. And for the first time, he cried. I've never seen him cry before. And it broke my heart to see my parents like this.

My mom scheduled a session with my therapist on 7/29/19 *with* my sister. But I'm worried that my sister will start lying to my therapist and will try to manipulate her to make it seem like everything was my fault. But my therapist says that she is trained to not fall for that, since she knows my side of the story.

I was told that her boss was going to be there, too, because she's only involved in a session if it involves *serious* cases, such as suicide.

Edit: Thanks for the silver!

Post 731: I just want to sleep and never wake up again, anyone else feel the same?
Content:
I'm  24 years old. On the outside I lead a perfectly normal life. I have a  decent salary, friends I speak to regularly, I get along with everybody  at work. I do have goals, ambitions and hobbies.

If  you ever met me, you would not have the slightest clue that I've been  diagnosed as Clinically Depressed. I've had multiple suicide attempts,  one which was truly close where if I didn't have the appropriate medical  attention in a given time-frame I would not be here. I've been with  Psychiatric Teams, and a few Therapists. It's all a temporary measure in  the end.

I am a 'High Performer' in my  workplace, and I have many who rely on me for support. I always smile,  and I try my best to make others happy whenever I can. But at the end of  every day, I feel empty. Most times I have suicidal thoughts. There are  people I am able to speak to and 'open up' about how I feel, however  you can only share how you truly feel one so many times before it  becomes a burden upon them.

In more  recent times, my negative thoughts are becoming more prominent. I have a  strong feeling I may be edging towards attempting suicide once again.  I've taken a few days off work hoping it may help, however I believe  with the absence of working it allows my head to fester these urges and  suicidal thoughts more rapidly.

There is a  brief moment of what I can only describe as insanity that grips me, and  it is at that moment where my life hangs in the balance. Whether it's  my belt around my neck, a blade against my wrist, or pills in my palm. I  have managed to so far overcome each mental battle in those moments in  these past few weeks, however it is likely I may soon lose.

I  am not here for advice or sympathy, the purpose for this post is to  just say Depression does not discriminate. You do not have to have been  through a traumatic event, or to have certain physical attributes you  hate, feeling alone etc. to be depressed. Sometimes you just are, and it  could be for no particular reason at all. We are all human in the end,  and we're all on the same spectrum. Best wishes to you all.

Post 732: “Have you made any plans to kill yourself?”
Content:
Difficult question to answer doc.

I’ve planned how I’d do it in detail thousand of times, but have I planned it in the sense of how I’d plan to go to the mall and buy a new coat on Tuesday evening? No.

No timeframe, just a very detailed get-out clause for if I stop being able to handle this bullshit life any more. So I don’t know if that counts as making plans or not.

Post 733: I think I am a pedophile and I want to kill myself
Content:
Yesterday I went shopping to a mall. I wasn't sure in which shop to go to. I saw barely teenage girl go to gone to a shop. Without thinking, I went there too. Then I started to feel like a fucking stalker.

I didn't try to even walk to her. I had to take distance from her, and forced myself to shrug it off. I then saw her with her mom, and I felt even worse.

I have OCD. But I don't think it makes me confuse underage girls online with women in their early twenties.

I remember how I have sometimes seen a hot "woman" online.

Then I've seen a post mention she's fucking underage. And she looked over that for me.

I have barely ever gotten such thoughts.

I feel so fucking shit about this. I want to die. What the fuck can I even do to change my brain. It's fucking retarded. Why the fuck do I sometimes find an underage person hot?!

Yes, age of consent is a societal construct. Biology is far behind that.

This doesn't mean it's ok to be a pedophile.

But what the fuck can I do about this?!

I just realized this about myself. I'm fucking crying now. I am so fucking done with life. I have never been accepted by people because I am fucking ugly and neurodivergent. I am already suicidal. And now I'm also a fucking pedophile. I can't fucking take this. I just want to fucking die. What the hell did I do to be born into such a person?! There's nothing I can fucking do!

I've thought that I've just been always the victim to people. Yeah, I've been done heavily wrong.

But I also realized that I don't even deserve love or acceptance. I don't deserve hope when I have a brain like this.

Never once have I ever tried to sexually even approach underage people, approach at all.

When I was a teenager, I found a girl 2-3 years older than me to be attractive. And there were another guy and we kind of played with her and her younger brother. I was underage too.

And I've felt so fucking shit about that as well.

I want to fucking kill myself.

Post 734: “hang in there” is a stupid thing to say
Content:
i’m 16, and i’ve been told so many times to just “hang in there”, “it gets better”, “keep going”. why. why the fuck should i bother continuing. a part of me used to naïvely think that my life would actually get better, and it never did. 

i wish i was brave enough to have killed myself long ago, but i’m too much of a coward. at this point though, i know my life won’t ever get better.

Post 735: I’m alive.
Content:
Thank you to everyone who checked on me. Made a bad choice last night and been regretting it all day long.

Post 736: Dating in Utah fucking sucks
Content:
I try, and fail, been ghosted 22 times in the past two months, I just want someone to love. I want to feel the warmth of a hug, and the joy of a kiss :(

Post 737: i am killing myself on new years eve
Content:
i got no friends, and no family, so i figured i could atleast say it here. i don't want help, don't want to talk, just want you to remember this post on new years eve 

Post 738: Homeless at 19 with no where go go. I'm done
Content:
Got kicked out by the person who raised me for not paying them enough (over the amount I currently make). I asked them to give me time to get a second job so I could make enough. They told me I need to find a new place to live. I don't make enough to afford housing in my area. No family. No friends. I live in a dangerous area so homeless housing isn't an option. My childhood cat is dying, and I just lost all my animals and wordly possessions because of this. 
I have no car. No way to get to my job anymore. There's just no point. I have nothing left. I cried and begged for help from anyone I had in my contacts. Even my care manager and there's. Nothing for me to do. No one who is willing to help.
So that's that then.. I'm killing myself tomorrow. I knew I wouldn't make it into adulthood but I guess I was hopeful for nothing cause I was still dreaming anyways.

Update: I'm still here! I have a place to stay and I'm currently applying to a lot of assistant programs for financial help and housing help. I was told it will take a bit of time for things to go through. But luckily my housing is semi stable for now so I have at least some time to save up more and figure things out. Especially because I learned I was illegally evicted as well; so that did help learning that.

I never expected this to get so much traction and attention. I've nearly cried going through these comments. I didn't think so many people would care about my situation let alone offer help and give advice. I've read every single comment, thank you to everyone. I'm safe and I'm okay for now. I will do my best to keep fighting

Post 739: People only care when you show serious signs such as suicidal thoughts, but when you're honest about those feelings they cower.
Content:
Like okay. Don't be shocked if I do end it one of these days.

Post 740: Therapist cried throughout my session about my suicide
Content:
I think I triggered them. They said that someone they knew died by suicide and that’s what was making them emotional. I feel really bad for upsetting them, but I’m also really at a loss because I feel like I can’t talk to my therapist about how suicidal I’m feeling anymore. 

Everything is losing its grip on me. I’ve been in this place a 100 times since I was a child and I’m really really feeling that things aren’t going to be changing for me  since I feel like this so often. I have complex ptsd. I’m getting closer to suicide, and I’ve just lost a major support because of how upset they were. I don’t know what to do. I don’t have the capacity to get a new therapist, so it feels like everything is coming together for me to just end things, as the therapy was my last
Hope

Post 741: Don’t you just hate when you wake up and your still alive? I just want to be dead so bad but I’m such a wuss to do so. Honestly what’s a better way to kill myself, getting hit by a train or jumping off a bridge?
Content:
Really thinking about just getting ran over and shredded by a train. Been reading up about that way and seems pretty foul proof and seems like not much can wrong.

I’m afraid to jump off a bridge and some how survive with my whole body broken and if that happened holy I don’t even know what I would do at that point.


Everyday is just getting harder and harder, I’m literally about to snap on life. I fucking hate life so much. Everyone ask me why? Is there a reason needed for this bullshit life this is called.

Sorry for rantting but honestly just want to kill my self every fucking second what goes by.

Post 742: "YoU oNlY gEt To lIvE oNcE"
Content:
shut up. shut the fuck up. Please stop trying to be a therapist to boost your own ego. I'm sick and tired of hearing "but have you tried doing \[blank\]" or "I know how it feels". If you really did know how it feels, you would shut the fuck up and let me die. Oh and "you will hurt your loved ones". Will I really? Maybe you have people that care for you and like you, but I just don't. No one cares about me. It's one of the reasons I want to die. I am in pain. Let me just end it. Just be honest that you (the people here on this sub that try to stop others) are just doing it to feel better about yourselves. To feel like you changed someone's life for the better but in reality, your empty words don't help. All of you commenting shit like "It'll get better" or "you have so much to live for" don't give a single shit for the people posting here. You are just here because you think "Well, if I comment something nice, and they don't kill themselves, I did something good!"

Post 743: I’m sorry I wasn’t strong enough
Content:
26f here. I said goodbye to my family last night without them knowing it was the last goodbye. I’ve been planning my suicide for a few weeks now. I went to the store this last week and bought a gun to kill myself with. That was the last thing I technically needed to do on my list. I have the place picked out and my goodbye letter written out. I took care of my stuff so my family won’t have to. It’s all packed up and labeled. I pre paid and planned my own funeral. I wrote down any work, medical or business related information that they would need to know and anyone they would need to contact. I left my bank info with logins and made my parents the beneficiaries. 
There’s just no point in living if I can’t be happy for even just one day. I’ve been waking up depressed every single day for two years and counting. I’m tired of feeling this way. I have nothing and no one. Sometimes when it feels like things get a little better, things suddenly derail. It’s like a never ending cycle. So yeah I can confidently say I’m at peace with dying. It actually sounds really nice right about now. My life’s a joke anyways.

Post 744: I want to commit suicide on Xmas Eve just like my sibling
Content:
My brother killed himself on Xmas Eve  when I was extremely young. I still have very vivid memories of it, and the way my family handled it leads me to believe that it didn't really bother them. No one talks about it or mentions him. They have practically erased him from our family's history. Maybe it's because they were ashamed he was gay. Or maybe they were ashamed that he died of suicide. 

Maybe both.

Either way, I want to join him.. Now that I've grown up, I understand why he did what he did. I understand that he wasn't wrong, and I don't feel like I'd be in the wrong for doing the same... I'd be doing the world a favor.

I feel like my life has done nothing but spin out of control since I was a child. It's been nothing but chaos. I was preconditioned not to ever trust. I was sexually abused and pimped out to my stepdad's friends. My mother stayed with a known pedophile while I was relegated to foster care and group homes. 

I feel like I wasn't ever even just given a fair chance. Yet, I went on to get married once a upon a time. I had two kids. I got a divorce. I started a business. I got my bachelor's degree. I bought a house. 

...And then I became addicted to alcohol. 

I made so many stupid choices leading up to now, and because of that, I now have nothing. My children moved to another state with their father after the courts decided he and his wife were better suited to be their parents. And the courts were correct. I'm a fuck up. There's no telling where we'd end up if they were here, but it would probably be within the confines of a cardboard box. I've been sober for almost this entire past yea, minus maybe four or five total slip-ups.. I thought that might fix a lot of my issues, but it hasn't fixed a thing. 

I destroyed my last relationship. I hurt my partner in countless ways. After we broke up for a month, he begged me to come back, and I swore I'd do better or try to be better. I tried as hard as I could.. but I've had to accept that being a shitty person is just who I am. I can't change that about myself, it's embedded in my personality. I broke him into tiny shards of glass, and all he could do when I tried to pick up the pieces was hurt me back. I turned a good person into a horrible, conniving man...

I can't get the job I want. All of my stuff is in storage and I can't pay the bill before the storage place puts a lien on it and keeps it all forever - even the sentimental items like the gifts my children have made for me. Their ultrasounds. Their footprints from their first day alive... My car is gone now, too.. I can't drive to get to work. I can't drive to an interview. I can't drive to a doctor or a mental hospital. I live in the middle of nowhere, and I have no resources. I can't take on new clients and make money. I've fallen as far down the hole as I can, and there's no way back up.

I've had my friends tell me that I should be proud.. that I should just stick things out, because things will get better. But things will never improve, and I haven't felt like I could tell them to what extent my life has become unmanageable.. 

There is literally no way to return to the life that I worked so hard to build, or to better myself and actually do something meaningful with my art or myself as a human being. I don't have the money, I don't have the resources, and I am too afraid to ask my friends or "family" for help. 

I feel like they'd be far less inconvenienced if I just didn't exist. I feel like my kids would only have to face one big disappointment instead of a bunch of big disappointments throughout their entire life. I feel like all of the work I put into becoming a valuable human life was all for nothing. I feel like I am a waste of oxygen and space. I feel like all I do is destroy people, and hurt their feelings. 

I have no one. My mother and I are estranged. My remaining siblings and I hardly ever talk. I'm incapable of nurturing a relationship. I'm incapable of being a mother just like my mother was.

I have nothing left, and I have no more motivation to continue on.

I just want to disappear. I want it to appear that I just left without saying a word. No one would notice, because I have done nothing but isolate myself from everyone. I am so ashamed of my life and what it has devolved into, and I don't want to face anyone or burden them with my problems. I don't want to keep trying to fix something that isn't fixable. 

I'm a fucked up person in a fucked up world. People keep trying to tell me that I have so much to live for - that I have so much talent and potential. People keep telling me to keep trying, but they aren't the ones who have to try so it's easy for them. They don't have to live with me, I do. I hate who I am and who I've become. 

I know that I'm sorry. I cannot even begin to describe the remorse that I feel for all of my selfish behaviors, and my depressed demeanor that just brings everyone down. I wish I had treated everyone better: my kids, my kids' dad and his wife, my friends and my remaining family...

I'm everything that I never wanted to be - practically homeless, with absolutely nothing. I have no personality. I have nothing positive to add to the world. I've become so jaded to the thought of dying - like it's going to happen someday, so why do I (and others) keep trying to delay the inevitable? 

I'm sorry if this seemed rambley. I had considered writing letters to a couple of people, but I figure putting it here - anonymously - would be better. I don't want my kids to know I killed myself... so I'm going to disappear to a place where I will never be found. I don't want to tell anyone about it in case they try to change my mind. I'm afraid they'll think I'm just begging for attention. Or maybe they will think I don't mean what I say... but I really do want to die.

Thanks, Reddit.

Post 745: All my affairs are in order. Just wanted to say goodbye to internet strangers.
Content:
Hi everyone.

Don't worry, I'm not looking for any help.  I'm only here to get this off my chest.  

31yr old male here in the U.S.  My fiancé had an affair, and took our 4year son.  I only get to see him on Wednesdays and every other weekend.  I'm a very "all or nothing" kind of person. Same as my parents. As shitty as this may seem, I'd rather be gone that deal with the pain. 

I've spent the last 5 months setting this up, and I'm completely come to terms with my decision.  I always plan ahead, and I have set up a trust account for my son, an email address for him, a 529 account for college, etc.  My Will & last testament has been completed, and letters have been written, all photos have been transferred to hard drive and my apartment packed up and cleaned (lease up in 3 months).  I was even able to cross a few things off my bucket list in the last few months which was nice.

I've got a very discrete spot picked out that me and some friends would go camping at in college, and I've gathered all materials. (A ridiculous amount of heavy pain pills, 3 bottles of prescribed codeine/promethazine cough syrup to prevent throwing up, my favorite alcohol, and old car, and a gun just in case.  A little extreme I know, but I'm not afraid of dying....I'm afraid of surviving. 

I just wanted to thank reddit for always being there.  I'll most likely be painlessly surfing reddit and listening to a few of my favorite songs in my last moments in my car waiting for the carbon monoxide to do its job.

Godspeed

Post 746: funny when they say "suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem"
Content:
when all your existing is the problem in the first place 
when  life is just one big pain in the ass

to me personally i feel like everything is just a big waste of time ...this life is just not good enough not fullfilling enough
its so cold and boring and so so tiring
it's really dreadful 


some people do have temporary problems ...but the others have problems that wont be fixed 
like loss of a loved one or someone you love cheat on you or leave you alone

(( some people can't really get over these tramatic events happend to them not everyone can "heal" magically))
and like depression too...(some people tried EVERTHING to overcome depression but they failed)

so please stop saying that Really stupid thing to others who is at the edge of their lives
it will only make them feel more gulit and shame then they already do

(no hate in the comments thats only my opinion) 

EDIT : HOLY SHIT OMG thanks for all of you commenting on this post...it got attention really fast lol i gusse im not the only one feeling this way huh...

Post 747: Born to die?
Content:
Has anyone else had the thought if suicide for as long as they can remember? Like it comes and goes, but ya get the feeling that it is your "destiny" kind of?

As if it's inevitable at some point that it's gonna happen regardless of what you do or dont do?


Or is it just me?

Post 748: I wish that no one loved me so I could just die without causing people pain
Content:
I know that I should be thankful for having people who care about me, especially because so many people on here don't have that, but sometimes I wish that no one loved me so I could die without worrying about the guilt of causing others emotional pain from grieving over me.

I wanna leave but I am bothered by how it'll bother other people and I sometimes just wish it wouldn't. Why can't people just stop loving me and let me go

Post 749: I have court in 7 hours and want to kill myself before it happens 
Content:
I’m in court for something I’m not proud of at all and won’t disclose here, right now i feel like its 70/30 on if I top myself or not. Chances are the press are gonna get a hold of it and I’m gonna lose all my family and friends and not be able to show my face around anywhere, never have a job never meet a woman and have kids, I know for a fact my life is gonna be over within 24 hours so why should I continue it, on top of that I have severe anxiety and depression but have never really been able to open up about it so it is haunting me sitting in court hearing them all talk about me and how they’re going to deal with me. I think this is gonna be my last last few hours here tbh 

Post 750: I wish I was brave enough to end it.
Content:
I never seen suicide as a weakness.. I think those who have done it are brave. They were able to end their suffering and misery. I wish I can take that leap and join those who’ve departed. Sadly I’m not sure I could ever find it in me to take my own life... So I’ll suffer, daily until my internal light flickers out.

Post 751: Finally stopped— pet cat was the solution
Content:
I got a cat. I’m focusing on my company now and stopped trying to trade. The cat brings me so much peace of mind I’m so in love with it. However my dad hates pets and he’s trying to make me get rid of him. I’m so sad I can’t imagine losing him he sleeps on my lap while I work or lays on my desk. I love it so much

Post 752: My whole family pressures me to talk to my rapist uncle
Content:
I was raped and abused as a child by my uncle. After I posted here I got my mood up and told my mom about it and I'm planning to go to the police. But I also told one of my aunts. She then called my abuser and started pressuring me into talking with him and wanting me to don't sue him. I just want to die. He called me and texted me. I don't want to hear his voice again. What would it help to talk ??? It's not like he would admit to what he did. I just want to die. Make it all end.

Post 753: It's my 26th birthday today. I have severe BPD, I am alone, and my mom used my birthday card as a way to argue how BPD isn't caused by abuse and that she is a perfect angel who has never done anything wrong.
Content:
I got in a car crash a few weeks ago, I live in a small town, so I lost both my Job's, and I am unable to work now. Every day I take less and less care of myself, no one really calls me, or even cares, and I don't blame them I am pretty fucked up because of The Borderline personality disorder. I hate how alone I am all the time, I hate how little support I have. My life for being a American has been pretty fucking shitty. 26 years of some pretty sever social isolation has taken its toll on me, I have been in and out of hospitals the past year. What is the point of life when you have no love, or support? I can't can't change my circumstances, but I'm just done. I don't see a point to even trying anymore. I have just been laying in bed the past week binge watching porn since I cant afford anything to get high off of. Social media makes things worse, it's all just a bunch of assholes flaunting how they have friends and get to do shit. I even had a severely developmentally disabled girl tell me how she is going to get a date tonight, I know that sounds shitty, I don't hold anything against her that's actually awesome that she can do that. I'm looking at things from my shitty perspective, and I honestly don't want to be alive. People just tell me things will get better, blah blah blah. I am on the verge of being homeless, and I have to live everyday knowing that because both my parents are POS's that my life is fucked, my mental state is fucked, and I am going to suffer till the fay I die. I wish I didn't live in a small hell hole, full of ignored conservatives. Seriously the ignorance in my town is astonishing.

Post 754: Raped, reported, ruined
Content:
Last year, I was raped. I tried to report it to my manager. He thought I was lying, even when I cried begging him to investigate it. He forced me to take time off, over which time he happened to hear allegations about me from anonymous sources. I had to leave. I have not been able to get work since, in part due to the rumors they spread about me. 

Noone from the organisation has spoken to me in a while now. I've had some therapy, but those have run out now. I havent had dreams for close to a year, only nightmares. 

I am incredibly isolated. The only reason I haven't ended myself is because my husband talked me out of it. But I'm on the brink. We considered moving city but my reputation has been that tarnished. 

I don't know what to do. I was raped, I tried to report it, and now I feel ruined. 



Post 755: Just wanted to say fuck the suicide hotline
Content:
You people are absolutely useless.

You sit there and don't even try to hide the fact that you hate your job and don't give a shit about those who call in.

You people sit there in your nice cushy office job knowing you'll never get fired.

You're not heroes, you're all fake assholes who only give a shit about the paycheck.

You call the cops on people who piss you off just to get petty revenge.

If you work for the suicide hotline fuck you.

I pray everyday you people get defunded.

Post 756: Autism is the worst
Content:
I hate being autistic and literally unable to read the FUCKING ROOM. My grandpa was dying like actively and his breaths were getting more shallow and then like I couldn't tell if he stopped so for some dumb ass reason I reached to check for a pulse on his neck and my grammie got upset and my sister snapped at me. Like bro what the actual fuck is wrong with me why would I EVEN think that would be appropriate?? It's literally always like that, I overshare, I don't connect with people properly, I never seem to act appropriate in social situations. I'm so fucking sick of myself. I've got a long drive back home after all this. Hella pills at home, gonna get some liqour at some point. I can't handle myself anymore. I'm fucking annoying it's just gotten too much and I've really crossed a line at this point. Fuck this shit. I'm gonna grab all my shit, head down to my favorite creek, and peace the fuck out. I miss my grandpa, but hopefully I won't have to miss him for long. 

Edit: I'm fine, getting help, thank you guys. Taking a second chance I guess. 

Post 757: People don’t care about men’s mental health.
Content:
I’m 19 for context. My whole life has been people telling me to man up. To take responsibility. nobody cares about me and the reason why because I’m a man. Nobody cares how you feel. and at this point I don’t either. Now they will be forced to. Just like I’m forced into this corner with no way out but suicide. Always was terrible at anything I’ve tried so it’s not like I’m missing out on my future.

Post 758: The fact that I am gonna kill myself gives me so much comfort.
Content:
It sounds incredible, but I've become so comfortable with the idea of killing myself that I just feel so relaxed. I went for a walk for three hours yesterday, and I felt so much peace knowing these would be the last days in a world I tried hard to belong to, but couldn't. I've been reading this subreddit nonstop and am so happy at the lives that are saved here. To anyone reading this who saved someone, God bless you for what you did. God bless you if you feel the need to save me, even though you won't. You all deserve to live and experience the joy of the world. Thank you for this.

Post 759: I fucked up and told somebody
Content:
I swore to myself to never tell anybody of my plans and keep up a normal facade until the very end. I thoughtlessly let it slip to SOMEONE IN GRIEF WHOSE FRIEND HAD OFFED HIMSELF that I did not have long to live. They picked up on it immediately unfortunately. I am such a nuisance on everybody. This person is such a heartful guy and had a talk with me, apparently trying to change my plan. FUCK I hate myself. I just want to make my preparations and quietly end this shit existence.

Post 760: sorry I ever existed
Content:
I'm 23 and I'm a failure. I fuck up everything I touch. People makes fun of me. Everyone just hates me. The only reason people put up with me is because I was born as a "human". 

I want to end this. I just want it to fucking stop. 
Ohh Goddddd. Please help me. Please help me end this.
Let me die. Please I'm tired. I'm just can't anymore. Please please please someone please please why why why why why why why why I'm sorry please forgive me I just can't please end me end me please ohh god please someone anyone please kill me oh god

Post 761: My 15 year old brother hung himself and all I want to do is die too...
Content:
I just feel so hopeless. So fucking hopeless. Everyday I wake up and think about him and how the possibility of me moving out at 18 caused him to despise me and hate me. I had become increasingly distant weeks before he passed because I was so busy with work, getting a new apartment, etc..and I hate being so mad at myself for not being able to be there. I wish I would have been the one to die instead. I am a bitter and angry person all the time and no matter what I do I just can’t seem to get rid of all this anger and aggression I feel. My boyfriend doesn’t help. Just gets mad at me for being mad. I just want to give up. I haven’t cut for over a year but lately it’s been the only thing to help anything. I just want my brother back. I’ve never thought suicide was so selfish until I lost my best friend and all I want is to see him again. It hurts, a piece of my heart is gone. I just wish I could have been the one to die instead.  I just wish I would have died instead.

Post 762: Why bother living at all ? Life is just working, being anxious until the day you eventually die, despite knowing that in the end, you'll die anyway. I can't be free in this world. Death is the only way to be freed.
Content:
I'll quickly introduce myself. I'm Louis, 18 years old Frenchman, and my life completely changed in the span of 3 months. From being a successful student, having excellent grades and a whole plan for my future, I went to being unmotivated, mentally troubled and in the end unable to being a part of the society. Until September, I always wanted to become someone. Doing great studies, achieving great feats, having a wonderful wife and a beloved family. I had the most human dream possible. The most basic of all. I just wanted to be a normal guy, living my life happy as I've always been, and as I've always thought I would be.

&#x200B;

In September, I've entered one of the best colleges of France, I was excited and ready to succeed. I wanted to give my best, as I've always done before. But since then, I've lost a part of myself. In fact, I've always been someone very rational. Always questioning myself on every little thing that could happen in my life. In my entire life, I think I've spent more time with myself (talking in my head) than anyone else, which I think is not that uncommon. The thing is, I've come to realize that living is just boring as fuck. Living is such a pain, it's ridiculous. And even more than that, it's useless. This message is a way to express my opinion on life, and why I consider it as a burden.

&#x200B;

The first thing I've come to realize when I entered adulthood, is that life is just so repetitive. It's a cycle that never ends. Every day you wake up, every day you eat, every day you work, every day you sleep. So predictable. Every single human being is forced to do these things. And for most, it doesn't even bother them, as it never bothered me before. We just comply because we're used to. It's just normal. But once you just think of it, you feel enslaved. You just need to. You need to, but do I want it ? It doesn't matter. Eat, or you die. Drink, or you die. Work, or you die. The last one is the most important one. In 3 months, I've just come to hate the very concept of working. For me, it's more studying, which was my biggest quality even 3 months ago. I could work hours without any trouble. I would be happy doing it. Because I felt like I had a goal right ? One day, it would all make sense, all this work and devotion ? But will it ever make sense ? In fact, it won't ever make sense. Because you'll be forced to work all your life anyway. You study for degree, then you work for money, then you die. But you need to do it, it's your fate as a human being. Work and shut up. I'm 18, and already bored.

&#x200B;

What I've said is nothing extraordinary. I don't feel like anything special and many must go through the same process. But I don't even comprehend how you can enjoy living anymore. Living is just so absurd, in the sense that we will all die some day. We are all condemned to death the very second we are born. Disappearing is our fate. Dying is our destiny. Why bother living knowing such a terrible truth ? I've read countless forums, and most of the time, people would answer some obvious things like : "If we're meant to die, then let's enjoy the time we have anyway !". But that's the most stupid I could ever think of ? Enjoying a life that you know is bound to fade is just deceiving yourself. It’s like putting on the mask that just fell, hiding the reality that you've discovered, acting like it doesn't exist ! I CAN'T DO THAT ! I'll die and I know it ! It takes so much strength to deceive yourself. To enjoy things. To not think. People won't get that. Do people even know that they will die ? I see them smiling, having fun, achieving things. Do they know it won't make any difference ? As a human being, we can't achieve anything great enough that will objectively have sense. Most people have dreams that make them live. Helping others, winning a competition... But it's so fucking fake. You are just a mere human and you will die like everybody else. That I die know or in 70 years, what changes ? I would have lived 70 years of asking myself "Why ?" and in the end, it wouldn't have meant anything.

&#x200B;

Achieving on this planet is just an illusion. If you win the World Cup (allez la France !), it doesn't change the fact that you're destined to die. As any species, humans will disappear one day. Everything that is considered as precious by society, and that was once my dream -- having a successful career, having money, founding a family, being virtuous --, it only has value because there are other persons to acknowledge you and the thing you have. Money makes you able to buy pretty much everything in this world because everyone has come to value it highly.

&#x200B;

My point is that life is just a game that doesn't make sense at all. You have nothing to win. People will comply to the rules even without having read them. They just play the game because why not ? We are here, let's play ! But I am here, one of the few that read the rules, and I feel like an outcast. I'm forced to play the game even though I did not ask for it. I am forced to wake up even though I've nothing to win at all. I don't want anything. I don't want money. I don't want a wife. I don't want to work. I don't want to live. The game is rigged and I don't want to play. Everyone acts like everything is so important, but it's just an illusion. Nothing is important in itself. Because us, humans, are just so ridiculously meaningless. Life is meaningless. And unfortunately, I'm not able to accept this reality. I can't avoid it anymore.

&#x200B;

To come back to my personal situation, I've dropped out one month ago. I've broke down before my parents, and they've brought me back home. I feel worse than ever. I have no purpose. My parents, even though they've been very comprehensive, have started to pressure me more and more, as they should do. I'm being humiliated every single time they tell this story to anyone. I've isolated myself to everyone too. I've got no friends. I don't want any. I don't even want to talk to my family. I ghost anyone that sends messages, because I don't want to talk again and again about this miserable situation. I'm so lost. I just want to be free. I don't want to keep doing this bullshit anymore. I have questioned myself about freedom. Can you be free as a human being ? Physically, we are restricted by our bodies. But mentally, as long as you follow your own rules, you're free. I don't think I can be free in this world, as long as I'm alive. My dream is to escape this whole bullshit. But I can't. Maybe I could be free once I die, who knows ?

Post 763: It doesn’t get better
Content:
Everyone else is out here living their lives, and I’m here planning my funeral. I’m 27 now, almost 28. I’ve been battling this shit storm in my brain since the age of 10. I’ve seen countless psychologists, GPS, have had admissions to mental hospitals, medications changes…. It doesn’t get better. 
The only thing keeping me going was that I wanted a family, my own child. But now I don’t even want that. I cannot bring a child into this world with how shitty it is becoming. My biological clock is ticking away too, and it wouldn’t be fair for a child of mine to have such an unstable mother. 
I’m making one last call this coming Wednesday. If I do not get satisfactory help, I will be following my plan.

Post 764: I want to die but don't want to kill myself
Content:
Therapist says I'm being too extreme but honestly, I'm just too average at everything to be happy with myself. I'm too dumb to get any of the jobs I want to actually have and I'm too smart to be able to settle for something menial and be fufilled. I'm not depressed enough to need serious intervention but I'm not stable enough to be truly without it. I'm average at everything or worse. I can never achieve what I want to because i am simply not intelligent enough. I don't even have the will power to end everything. I'm just pathetic and weak.

Post 765: sleep is the best, nothing to worry about til the morning.
Content:
Im so tired of life i could sleep forever. No chasing after degrees, working striving for careers, families no heartbreak or anything finally can rest. That sounds lazy but truthfully a lot of us feel overworked if anything. 

 its nice and quiet at night, you can be alone with ur inner most thoughts like your soul finally gets to be heard.

every problem fades away like it never existed. because it only exist in the physical world. 

Post 766: The Foo Fighters saved my life
Content:
This Sunday night, I was about to end my life. I took a few Painkillers, Sleeping Pills and drank some beers. I was just about to slit my wrist, when the radio played my absolute favorite song, My Hero. 
This song finally gave ma a little bit of a good feeling, a big improvement after days of pure numbness, just enough to get me to call an ambulance.

I’m now in a hospital and the suicide thoughts are finally slowly fading away. I hope, it stays this way. 

Thank you so much for reading this and please stay strong!

Post 767: I would rather kill myself than grow as a person
Content:
I'm fucking done with life man. Life fucking sucks in every which way. I do not want to be honest about who I am. I do not want yo grow. I do not want to accept anything. I do not want responsible. I don't want to work hard or be a part of anyone's life. I don't want to make a difference or contribute to society. Having a career of any kind is too much fucking work. The truth is I'm perfectly happy to be a leech until nobody is willing to help me out. The. I'll logically be on the streets and at that point I will kill myself. But why let it go that far? Why shouldn't I buy a gun ASAP and be done with it before life even has the opportunity to force me to try being responsible and engaging in the world around me, when I want nothing to do with that? I'm a loser and I'm okay with that. Not being a loser is seriously too much work. Giving enough shit to learn useful things is too much work. I just want to kill myself before anyone that knows me figures out that I don't give a shit about my life or other people and I'm not interested in the least in being responsible in any sense of the word.

Post 768: Don’t fucking have kids if you’re going to make them feel like shit
Content:
Every time I have a conversation with my mother she makes me want to kill myself

Post 769: Girlfriend cheated on me and is pregnant
Content:
She lives abroad and I haven’t been with her for about a year. This morning she calls me crying and tells me she is pregnant with someone else’s baby. She says she is going to get an abortion. I told her we are done for good but she says it was a drunk one night stand and she loves me, can’t live without me etc. I feel like I can’t forgive her but tbh no one else has ever loved me and I’ll probably just die alone. I’m contemplating suicide because my own life isn’t great tbh. Life is always awful but times like this just remind me it can always get a lot worse. This world and life is a joke.

Post 770: i don’t want attention, i don’t want anyone to notice me. i just want to leave
Content:
i hate how people act like suicidal people all want attention, if i could be erased from the memory of everyone around me and vanish right now i would. i’ve never wanted attention, i’m just tired

Post 771: I really just wish someone gave a fuck about me
Content:
This is my throwaway account that’s why it has jake Paul as the name it’s a joke 


I remember when I was a kid and I thought I’d have a wife or girlfriend when I grew up, what a fucking joke. Instead here I am stuck in my fucking room because of the fucking dumbass quarantine and no school just wanting to kill myself because no one gives a shit about me

I’ve started texting this girl that I asked out and she of course rejected me because I’m a lowlife piece of shit. She always hits me up first and she’s the only reason basically I have any hope at all except deep down I know she doesn’t give a fuck about me and will never love a useless loser like me

Because of the fucking pandemic I don’t even have soccer, the only thing that kept me going every week, the only time when I feel myself and can express myself and don’t want to fucking kill myself. My best friend has just ghosted me the last few weeks and I’m completely alone, the only person that even texts me is this girl but she won’t hang with me and even if she wanted to she couldn’t because of the quarantine. 

I’m not gonna make it through 3 more weeks of this I just wish I had a gf who cares about me and would hold me close and tell me it’s gonna be ok and I wish I could say this stuff to my friends but I’m a man and I can’t show emotion or I look like a pussy, I just want to cuddle with a girl and be warm and happy I’m such a loser idk I just want to be happy again it’s been so long




BIG UPDATE: ASKED HER OUT SHE SAID SHE LIKED ME TOO BUT WE UNDER QUARANTINE LMAO

Post 772: This world is messed up.
Content:
I love this subreddit but it’s really concerning to see so much pain and hurt in one place. To know how many people are suffering quietly without others knowing sucks, especially on just one part of the internet. To all the guys and girls out there I hope you find happiness.

Post 773: Gay in a muslim country thinking about suicide
Content:
Sorry guys english is not my first language i am from conservative muslim country i cant come out being gay here can get you killed recently someone in my school found grindr on my phone now is threatening to tell my family my father will kill me if he finds am considering suicide atleast then i will do it my own way not tortured  to death any advice i dont wanna die but i have no choice and leaving my country is hard i just wanna live my life i am 17 i never kissed anyone never had sex i feel like am missing out on life i am alone i dont anyone to talk to i feel like everthing is pushing me toward suicide

Post 774: I got my fake gun and I am going to use it to do suicide by cop
Content:
it took me 34 years to get a girlfriend and she left after 4 months because i didnt have any experience navigating women and even i met her through the weridest of circumstances.

but now its all over, i literally get zero matches with online dating and most women wont even give me a chance, she gave me a chance but shes gone and my life is over so i am going to end it all!

Post 775: Two people had sex in the 90s and somehow that's my fucking problem
Content:
God damn it mom and dad, I know you didn't plan things to go this way but there's not really anyone else at fault for my existence. You really couldn't have just adopted a dog or something? You already had kids just put a mirror next to one and now you've got twins instead of making me exist and wish you hadn't

Post 776: wtf is the point
Content:
Im not really depressed, but lately i’ve been seriously contemplating suicide.

Though im not depressed my life is pretty shitty. i have no friends, a toxic family, we’re borderline poor, ect. i have no joy in life. i have no motivation.

I have nothing to look forward to. i have no dreams or aspirations, im not good at anything, i have no idea what i want to do in life. im too awkward to get anything done or get a relationship, i simply can’t picture a future where i’m happy.

So with the combination of a shitty life now and likely an even shittier life in the future wtf is the point. i have nothing and no one, i used to be so optimistic but now that me is nowhere to be found, i genuinely dont think i’ll make it through the summer. i have a plan and the equipment only reason im still here is because my parents don’t know shit about taking care of a dog

Post 777: Fuck you.
Content:
I'm done. Fuck you. You caused this. I fucking hate you, you stupid bitch. You caused this. I could have been normal. But now I can't be. I wanted to be normal. I hate this. You ruined my life. Suffer. I hate you. I kill myself tomorrow.

Post 778: I wish I could fall asleep and never wake up
Content:
In so tired of fighting the tide and having to constantly try to make myself feel some semblance of good, everything just takes so much effort im not even sure if its worth it anymore

Post 779: Had a crisis team called on me
Content:
I posted a couple days ago that I was planning to finally end things but chose to wait one last day. Well, that choice ended up ruining everything. I got woken up to someone banging on my door saying he was called to check on me and evaluate me for involuntary hospitalization. I was, and am, so fucking pissed off.

Not only did my initial plans get ruined because of all this, but this was the worse crisis intervention worker I've met so far. These people always think mid-episode is the best time to invalidate your feelings and experiences. He told me flat out that my trauma was "just events," reduced my depression to bullying in middle school (this was the only type of trauma he asked about,) and gave the usual "you don't know what life has to offer" speech. Not a single thing of substance came out of his mouth. I told everyone that being in the hospital or involved with an outside team would make my depression worse, and what do you know, it did! It's almost like I actually *do* know myself and my life better than other people. Who could have guessed?

This is my life. I should have the choice on if I continue breathing or not. No one else has to live my life, so no one else should have a say in it. I'm so fucking tired of being forced to stay alive no matter my wishes, just to keep others happy. That's the last time I tell anyone what's going on with me. My next attempt will be much quieter.

Post 780: Attempted suicide 3 hours ago but nobody knows... 19M with no ambition of moving foward
Content:
Just posting bc idk what to do anymore...  been helping my friend edit a video tho

Post 781: Does anyone here talk to literally no one. Like no friends. I’m rotting
Content:
Anyone else rotting away and dying in this shithole prison cell known as life. I’m not exaggerating either when I say I talk to no one.  I can’t think, I can’t talk I’m a degenerate peace  of shit.

Post 782: I hate this fucking world
Content:
There's so much pain and suffering please I just want to fucking die so I don't cry every morning

Post 783: What the absolute fuck
Content:
I feel like fucking shit.

Post 784: who decides this fucking shit
Content:
who decides who gets to live a good life and who gets to live in literal hell? life is so fucking unfair. it hurts so much to wake up and see people live normal lives with people who actually care about them and dont get me wrong i dont want to take that away from anyone, but why can't everybody have this. why is it that my family doesnt love me. i hate it here.

Post 785: I want to die but afraid of dying!!!
Content:
Death. Death. Death. That is all I can think of right now. However, I am scared of dying. The thought of the hereafter scares me to death. What will happen to me after committing suicide? I keep asking myself this question whenever I think of suicide. I also ask myself these questions: how will my loved ones react to my death? What if in the final moments I regret my choice? Will it be painful? And finally: what awaits me after death?

As a religious person, it is not fun at all. Suffering in this world and the hereafter does not sound fair. I just want to end it all without burning in fire for eternity. But I am sure the fire will be my punishment if I were to commit suicide. But at the same time, I am suffering in this world. So really it all comes down to what is worse. I choose suffering here.

But at the same time not. I want to end it all. The shame, the struggle, the pain. Everything in this world I hate. There is nothing stopping me from ending my life other than the hellfire. Not even my loved ones. And I do not even feel selfish writing this. I am being honest.

Someday I am sure suicide will be my only option. Then the fear of hellfire will be gone. Even if it is not gone, I will be so lost and sad, losing my faith, and then I will commit suicide. I cannot wait for that day to come. I will then slice my throat open and, finally, put an end to all my suffering. Or, on the other hand, start a journey full of great suffering. As you can tell, I am contradicting myself all the time. That is because I am lost. And very sad. I want to die.

Post 786: Young doctor (29yo) with suicide thoughts
Content:
First, thank you for opening the post. I'm sharing a bit of my story to try to prevent bad things to happen to me. Please share your thoughts or advise in life. Summary is that I spent all my life savings trying to get trained in the greedy USA healthcare system, but to this day after 15 years of formal education and experience, I continue to be unemployed and financially useless, now struggling with COVID19 lockdown, depression and suicide ideas. 

Young male physician here, 29 yrs, from Latin America (yes, we also use reddit) I've been having suicide thoughts, but not currently depressed. I feel like a fucking failure in life.

Since school I aced exams, test, scores, got honors on my graduation, was extremely dedicated, learned guitar, learned english, I was always either the best or among the best and had high aspirations. Went to the University at age 16 and I stupidly decided to study medicine and become a miserable doctor, let me explain. Medicine is a TOUGH CAREER, very difficult. It is academically, mentally and economically demanding. The amount of stuff you need to study each year is massive, and drains you mentally, socially isolates you from family, friends, parties, relationships, etc.  A dark truth of a recent grad is that you are bullied by superiors or more experienced doctors, pretty much everywhere, medical residency is like that and I seriously suffered that BS during my 1-year medical internship, at that time they evaluated me, so I had no word to defend myself. But I graduated after 8 years of traning (in my country).

Escaping common crime violence in my country, I went to USA to become a doctor there, by passing the USMLE exams (the most difficult exams ever in my life) I spent 2 more years studying for those expensive exams, and another year getting doing unpaid clerkships to get experience and recommendations and connections. Life in the US as immigrant if TOUGH man! Nobody wants to employ you due to visa. You cannot earn any money. I did cleaning, mopping floors, dog walking and other odd jobs to support me (WHICH IS ILLEGAL AS FOREIGNER). When I had all the requirements, guess what? You have to pay fees of applications to participate in the selection process of residency in the USA each year, so I spent $5000 only in applications and flying tickets. I received few interviews in hopes to get a job, but did not get anything, and lost $5000. I tried again next year and the results were the same with same dollars lost. I felt fucking scammed, and to this day i'm still angry at my experience in the USA.  I spent like $70,000 of my third-world-hard-earned dollars in the whole process, paying rents, bills and educational courses to prepare and in the end the result was nothing. NOBODY WILL EMPLOY YOU IN HEALTHCARE IF YOU DON'T DO A RESIDENCY FIRST, which I failed to secure twice. And NOBODY will employ you at any job in the US if you are not citizen. 5 stupid years wasted + 8 years of home training.

I came back defeated to my country in hopes to get any job. I faced another reality and that is there are no jobs for doctors here, there are just too many doctors today. I lowered my life expectation even more and looked for any other job available, but then COVID-19 happened. My country is in lockdown, I'm quarantined, unemployed, with no money, no financial power, living with now elderly parents at my old home with rampant crime (paralized temporarily due pandemic), living off the charity of others, unable to move, unable to sleep due suicide thoughts, and writing this. Most of my classmates became specialists or got married or got jobs or moved to other countries. I feel like i'm in the starting line. I'm now almost 30 years old, indebted, single and poor. I'm ashamed of what I experienced, I'm ashamed to say I'm unemployed and have never had a real formal stable job, and still hunting for one. I'm a miserable unemployed doctor.

 You want to make it worse? Law in my country requires me to serve in the COVID emergency pandemic when system starts to collapse, totally UNPAID or I could be charged a fine or brief jail time.   

Failure is the word to describe what I am. I hate myself, I constantly punish myself for making bad decisions and I blame my extreme bad luck and also blame the silence of God despite me being religious. Education was in vain in my life. The only thing that prevents me from commiting suicide is my parents, but after I bury them, I think I might take the shot. 

I'm sorry you had to read the long post, sometimes I feel I did nothing wrong: I studied, I graduated, I behaved, I followed the rules (and also the USA rules) did not became an asshole, murderer or alcoholic or anything, but still life kicks me in the balls. Then why can't I be offered a fucking job? I no longer care about medicine, I no longer care about myself, but I might care in what you have to say, please react to my life story. I will read you thoroughtly

Post 787: I told my mom I'm suicidal, she forgot.
Content:
A few weeks ago I was doing a few chores with her when I broke down and told her that I hated life and that all I ever did when I woke is wishing something would kill that day because I'm not brave enough to do it myself, she called me ungrateful and I snapped and slapped her (It was wrong and I did apologize after it) she cried and that's where it ended. Today I broke down again and told her I needed help, she told me that I can talk to her whenever I want to Wich I answered "Don't you remember what happened the last time we talked?" She said that she did remember, that she remember how I slapped her, when I asked her if she remembers why I did and what we were talking about a that moment she just shrugged her shoulders and asked "What were we talking about"

I'm crushed and seriously in danger of trying to commit suicide again, if my mom doesn't even remember that her own son wants to kill himself then she obviously doesn't care enough and if she doesn't, who does? I'm just a waste anyways.

Post 788: My husband won’t let me sleep
Content:
We have a four month old. Husband gets full night rest, goes on runs, goes climbing, sees friends. I get 4-5 hours of sleep since he was born. I’m not allowed to take a nap. We fight every day in front of our son. I feel awful. I can’t get space. He forces our son on me when I’m crying, when I shower. I begged for sleep this weekend and of course that started a four day fight. I don’t want my son to think this fighting and crying and yelling is normal. I want to die. Everyone thinks my husband is a nice guy. If I was gone my husband would probably be a good dad. I love my son so much and I think he’s better off without me. His family has money and they love my son. I have no family friends money. I have an awful credit score and 10k in debt collection. I don’t see a way out of this.  I feel so sad because I had the potential and plans to be an awesome mom, it’s all I wanted. I love him. But he gets a shell of who I am. His dad curses and yells at me for asking for sleep. I wail and it’s the saddest sound I’ve ever heard. It’s uncontrollable. He just tells me I’m hopeless and stop crying.

Post 789: I don't want to kill myself I just don't want to be alive.
Content:
I don't want to kill myself. I just don't want to be here. I feel like the part of me inside that use to be me died a long time ago and I'm just this empty shell that keeps pushing through because I don't want my husband to feel the guilt of having his wife die by suicide. I fantasize about dying in an accident or in some other way because at least then my husband wouldn't hate me for leaving him in this life alone. If I tell my therapist this she will 51/50 me so I just say I am fine. I don't have a question. I just needed to say that.

Post 790: So this is my final goodbye
Content:
Ive been on this subreddit for about 5 years and this is my last throwaway account and my last message. I may be talking to the void here but I want to personally thank everyone on this subreddit for being so kind, for talking me out of my attempts, for making me feel like i was a person.

unfortunately though this is the end for me, it’s too late to go back now but i want everyone to know that i am grateful for everything they’ve done, thank you for helping people like me, thank you for being this caring because most of us have never felt cared for our entire lives. 

thank you and goodbye, i can peacefully go knowing there is someone who at least tried for someone like me

Post 791: Can someone just hug me while I cry?
Content:
It's all too much, I lost all my motivation.

Post 792: My BF thinks suicidal people are all weak, cowards and he has zero empathy for anyone who either wants to, attempts to, or has committed suicide (spoiler alert: I am sometimes suicidal)
Content:
This is really just a rant I have to get off my chest. I don’t even care of no one reads it. 

So quick background: I was clinically diagnosis with major depression, general anxiety disorder and OCD two years ago. Things got so bad I had my first psychosis episode and was hospitalized. I didn’t believe I had any of those illnesses and initially thought the doctors were all stupid and diagnosing me with BS. But at the encouragement of my boyfriend (who I live with) and parents, also later realizing myself the doctors were probably right - upon discharge, I agreed to obtain outpatient services and have been treated ever since with weekly psychotherapy and daily medication.

Flash forward two years - I’m much better - no longer having suicidal thoughts, can hold down a job again, intrusive thoughts are much less frequent and am starting to feel joyful again. 

One of the suggestions of my therapist was to try to communicate with my boyfriend more - it’s clear that we have some major unresolved conflicts and that may be a part of the reason why I have stress, depressive thoughts, and/or unhealthy anxiety. So I’ve been trying to have more conversations so we can work through major disagreements - but of course my boyfriend is resistive and isn’t fond of difficult conservations. (I mean, who is?)

I won’t go through every disagreement lol this would be a novel. But one of the biggest one came up (again) last night. I mentioned (off hand) that I’m glad I don’t have suicidal thoughts anymore. 

__Him:__ erm...that’s good but you had no reason to have suicidal thoughts in the first place.

__Me:__ well first of all I did have reasons...secondly I literally couldn’t control those thoughts - they were intrusive and I couldn’t not have them. 

__Him:__ can we not talk about suicide or bad/negative thoughts? I’m really uncomfortable with this topic. 

__Me:__ ok I know but that’s why I haven’t talked to you about this pretty much ever - and I haven’t even brought up suicide in two years with you.

__Him:__ ok so why bring it up now?

__Me:__ because you’re my partner you said we can talk to each other about everything. Also earlier you said you’re 100% emotionally supportive but I can’t talk to you about mental health and negative thoughts?

__Him:__ I _am _completely supportive but some topics are off limits for some people.

__Me:__ but this is important to me and a part of my recovery process is to talk to close loved ones about my mental health - my parents and most of my close friends also are uncomfortable with this, so you’re one of the few people left I could talk to.

__Him:__ so now your mental health is _my_ responsibility?

__Me:__ no I never said that, but you’re just not a supportive partner if you refuse to even let me say one word about it.

__Him:__ What? So now you’re judging me and calling me a bad partner because I don’t want to talk about a very sensitive topic??

__Me:__ well not in those exact words but... kinda.

__Him:__ Excuuuuse me??? After all we went through? After everything I did for you for the past few years? Cooking for you? Trying to calm you down? After me being supportive the whole time in the hospital and even after?? _I’m_ a bad partner?!

__Me:__ well actually two years ago you actively discouraged me from going to the hospital and said “there’s nothing wrong with you you’re not depressed.”

__Him:__ _how_ could I have known??!! I’m not a doctor!!

__Me:__ you could have encouraged me to go see one?

__Him:__ I thought you were just having a bad day!

__Me:__ I had a bad 12 months and I said I’m not sad I’ve had highly negative thoughts for over 6 months. I told you this before I was diagnosed.

__Him:__ Again, I didn’t know that was a cause for concern.

__Me:__ what about now? You’ve supposedly learned a lot about mental health in the last couple years you say - if a friend of yours told you they’ve been feeling depressive  for 6 months, would you encourage them to go see a doctor?

__Him:__ I don’t know. Depends on who.

__Me:__ Bob (good friend of his, not his real name)

__Him:__ umm probably not, Bob’s a pretty positive person and probably just having a bad period with work or something.

__Me:__ so...you wouldn’t even recommend he talks to a doctor. What’s the harm in that?

__Him:__ I’m not a doctor, and it’s his responsibility to go see one.

__Me:__ but you can at least be a supportive friend.

__Him:__ _How_ am I not supportive?

__Me:__ earlier you said I can talk to you another _anything._ I guess not actually _anything._

__Him:__ of course you can talk to me about anything, _ANYthing_ and _EVERYthing_ in the whole world!

__Me:__ except negative thoughts and suicide?

__Him:__ WHY do you want to talk to me about suicide? WHY? Are you suicidal right now? Do I need to take you to the hospital again?

__Me:__ uhh no...this whole conservation started with me saying I don’t really have those thoughts anymore.

__Him:__ So WHY are you talking about it THEN???

__Me:__ because my doctor said it’s important to talk about past trauma and talking about what it was like for me to be in a downward spiral. It helps me get even better.

__Him:__ ....

__Me:__ so...can I talk about bad thoughts and suicide?

__Him:__ ...

__Me:__ ok so two years ago I really wanted to kill myself.

__Him:__ see right there you lost me. Why? You had no reason to - you were a really positive person and super resilient to challenges you could work through anything.

__Me:__ it was an intrusive thought I couldn’t control. 

__Him:__ do you have suicidal thoughts right now?

__Me:__ no.

__Him:__ then stop talking about it. Talk to me when you do have suicidal thoughts. Then I’ll take you to the hospital.

__Me:__ okay...can I talk to you about negative thoughts that are not suicidal?

__Him:__ no because you should be talking to a medical professional.

__Me:__ okay but my appointment is not for another week, it would make me feel better if I talked to someone now.

__Him:__ you want to know my opinion? __Suicidal thoughts and actions are a sign of weakness. And i _despise_ weakness. It’s wrong and I have no empathy, zero empathy for those types of thoughts or actions.__

__Me:__ actually I’d didn’t ask for your opinion. I want you to listen to me talk about my experiences and just listen like a supportive partner would. You don’t have to give any thoughts or opinions. But since you did - so you think I’m weak, you despise me and I deserve no empathy?

__Him:__ no I didn’t say that.

__Me:__ ok so - you despise all weak suicidal people except me?

__Him:__ no you’re putting words in my mouth.

__Me:__ literally what you said.

__Him:__ see? This is why I didn’t want to talk about it. 

__Me:__ okay I get it. Talk to you about anything - except for negative mental health topics.

__Him:__ No!!! I never said that!!!

Anyway this went on for a while. Then I of course got angry and annoyed and said some not nice stuff I didn’t mean. As of this morning he is still mad at me. And just now he said - I harassed him all night, was cruel, intentionally tried to hurt him by calling him not supportive and trying to blame my depression on him. Also I need to learn to drop things, know what types of topics to not bring up with someone but oh btw - I can talk to him about _anything._

__Me:__ so can i talk to you about suicide now?

__Him:__ OMG! When someone says “you can talk to me about anything” you should know to just say “ok, thanks.” You’re not supposed to IMMEDIATELY bring up something they ALREADY said they’re uncomfortable talking about!

__Me:__ lol.

I’ve suggested couples counselling to him many times, and for years. He refuses. He says the problem is almost 100% with me and I’m the only one who needs counselling.

Honestly - suicidal thoughts from two years ago - mostly caused by being a horrible work place with a terrible boss, along with arguing with an unsupportive partner at home, with my parents who are also verbally abusive and dismissive of my health concerns, and only one friend who even remotely believed I was depressed. Plus some other stuff I wasn’t conscious of and couldn’t control.

I know at the end of the day my mental health is no one else’s responsibility and it’s up to me to seek help and treatment - which I did - I was the first person to think to go to the hospital initially even though I was skeptical. But I’d ideally just like a friend or family I’m close with who I can talk to about this stuff on occasion. But I guess you can’t always depend on that. Strangers on the internet sometimes will - but it’s still nice to have someone you’re already close with be supportive of you. 

For anyone who wants to say - you should just break up with your boyfriend. Let me just tell you that’s not the first option. We’ve been together for more than 10 years, living together for most of that time, and are common law which is legally the same as married in my country (i.e. may need lawyers to help split). Plus i know for a fact because of this pandemic and loss of hours at work - he can’t afford to live on his own. For me, I could move in with my parents - but they’re sometimes very abusive and it could be an even worse situation for me to be in. 

Anyway rant over. Sorry that was so long. __tl;dr__ just read the title lol. Thanks for listening.

Post 793: If I ever get corona I am gonna make sure that I fucking die.
Content:
I wish I get corona without hitting anyone and if I fucking do get corona I am gonna make sure that I die. It's not like my existence fucking matters anyway.

Post 794: I'm 12
Content:
My parents make me want to kill myself the only thing stopping me is my dog I need help

Post 795: I have no friends. Nobody ever contacts me first
Content:
And I'm okay with it. I'm a failed professional who is miles behind academically and professionally my friends. So I don't care about seeing them. They never contact me first and I haven't bothered my ass to contact them in months. I'm at a point now where I say fuck it do I live a life without friends or just end it all now and find peace

Forgot to mention I have zero self esteem

Post 796: i mainly stay alive to not make others sad
Content:
and it's pretty lame

Post 797: Does anyone else feel like they don't want to kill themselves but they wish to die everyday?
Content:
It's hard to kill yourself here, and the person I trusted the most to talk to betrayed me. I just wish everyday maybe a car will hit me, or some mugger will shoot me in the head. 

Post 798: "people care about you"
Content:
no they don't lmao.

cant call a hotline, they don't actually care, they just need a paycheck. plus i've heard of operators calling the cops on callers. no thanks.

cant tell my friends. when i do, they either ridicule me, insult me, tell me they're busy or just flat-out ignore me. they don't care.

cant tell my family, last time i did they threatened to throw me in a padded cell if i ever felt like this again. they don't care.

i don't even care about myself so loving myself isn't an option.

hell, even this sub designed to help people like me doesn't care. most posts go completely unnoticed. so this sub doesn't care.

so where are those people that supposedly care about me, huh?

Post 799: never gonna live to be a teenager
Content:
it's fifty past midnight where I am, and I plan on leaving in ten minutes or so.

made a throwaway account so the people who know me on other subreddits don't see this on my account. I don't want to upset anybody. I know there are probably people preparing to comment "why do you have reddit, you are baby, this is why you are Big Sad toxic community is poisoning our children omg BIG PHARMA" but please, dear strangers, do not worry. I won't be going against reddit's terms of service for long, now. :')

I know this post is probably gonna be forgotten in about an hour or so, but I want to make record of something while I have time, even if nobody reads it:

My name is Hannah, I'm twelve years old

I love music and painting things and I was here once, too.

things with my family are messy. they want to love me, I think, but things can get in the way. I wasn't what they were expecting, even less so what they were hoping for. I know they'll be okay if they believe that they tried to fix me, and I hope the best for them.

 I hope everyone on here has a moment of luck for them, too, maybe one that ends up saving them from their own hands. Please just try, as hard as you can, because when you're too far gone you'll wish you had.

You are all worthy of happiness. I'm sorry life has treated you like it has, or if you're just somebody who tunes in on here to try and help, you are wonderful and appreciated. 

Try to look for the good while you can still see. I love you, hope I don't see you too soon.

Post 800: Its so expensive to live we might as well just die
Content:
  And I'm not sacrificing my entire existance on this planet to work.

Post 801: I can't do it anymore, I miss her too much
Content:
My wife of 19 years ended up cheating and filing for divorce.   She was the love of my life. And I did everything for her.., stood by her for 15 years of school no missing one semester,  graduated with her BA and then her Masters.  She started her new career and made new friends,   totally changed her looks and personality  then broke my heart.   She didn't come home one night and then happened more and more and at the same time she filed for divorce.   She ripped my heart out.  I love her so much it's killing me inside knowing she's replaced me.  I can't function and I don't fucking care about anything anymore.   Im 57 and she's 46.  I cant do it anymore.   Fucking hurts too much.  She's so beautiful and she's not mine anymore.   How could she use me like she did.  I loved her so much...  I miss her so much I can't work , I've had to leave my work because my emotions take over and I can control them.  I just need the pain to end and I see no way out...  I just want to sleep and not wake.  I hate my life, she ruined me, she broke my heart....

Post 802: I'm killing myself right now
Content:
3rd attempt

I have 78 pills of A***** along with other supplements. i'm taking the pills right now and hopefully soon I'll be gone. I have no one to talk to and my family couldn't care less. life is too fucking hard and it's just not for me

goodbye everyone

Post 803: I'm a waste
Content:
Tonight I was going to do it. In my parents' home. I was going to lay on my bed and bleed out from my wrists and die. 

My mom walked in when I was just lightly scraping my skin to mark where I'd cut later tonight. She said "I just wanted to see you." I had to hide my body under the covers so that I could keep her from seeing what I had done to my arm and my body at that point. She came in and laid down on my bed and rest her head on my lap. "It's comfortable," she said. I tried my best to hold back tears. 

She eventually left and now I'm here, staring at my razorblade, wondering why I'm left here as a sympathetic, pitiful loser. All I can imagine is my mom opening the door to my childhood bedroom and seeing my blood-stained mattress with a lifeless sack of organs on top. I can imagine her crying. 

I feel like a waste of money and time. The thousands of dollars that have been pumped into me for the promise of a successful future is too much. The time that people have invested in me for relationships and friendships is too much time that would've been better spent anywhere else. The only time I enjoy is time wasted on videogames and music. I am less than mediocre at both. 

My whole life has been infested with lies and attention whoring. I've lied about my age online so that guys wouldn't be afraid to talk to me. I've created a whole new person that interacts with me and my friend group online just so I can make my other friends jealous. I lie to my friends to manipulate them into doing what I want them to do. As for the attention whoring, I've done enough of it in my early teens. At 14, I was telling men online that I was 18. Id send them pictures of myself so that I could get validation. I craved the romantic attention that I never got at that age.

It's now 12am and I'm still here, scoring my thighs and spitting on the wounds. I've taken breaks while typing this and I feel like I'm ready. I just need some validation that I'm not the only one that knows that their life is completely fucked from decisions made by themselves. 

So. Speaking of decisions that I made that fucked up my life.
I'm living with 43° scoliosis that gives me severe backpain that (shocker) I have given to myself. I, as the attention whore I was in elementary school, longed for something that would make me different from the other kids at school. I sat in weird postures and slept in strange positions until my spine decided to follow through with my plan. The next scoliosis check that I had, I was told to get checked for scoliosis. Lo and behold, now I'm at a 43° curve that requires a long and painful surgery to fix. 
I also fucked with my eyesight as a child so that I could get glasses. Now I'm stuck with 7mm thick lenses in my glasses that signify that I'm legally blind to anyone that even sees my glasses. 
I AGAIN fucked up my life when I decided to go along with my parents' narrative and pretend to be Christian. Now I've been working at my church for 6 years. I've also been attending and tithing every week. I'm in the worship band and am currently planning a summer retreat. After 14 years of church, I still don't know what the fuck is going on.

I'm tired of being the second child that is happy and creative and spontaneous and yay!!!!

I'm tired of asking for help and never getting any

I'm tired of lying to people

I'm tired of being a waste of time and money

I'm tired of being completely mediocre

I'm so tired 

It is now 1am and I'm going to do it in 3 hours. 

time to write an unorganized essay for a suicide note.

would it be funny if i wrote it like how highschoolers write their essays? idk

thanks for reading my rambling and my unorganized baby-babble

edit: haha im still here. im still here. im still here.

i spent all night last night trying to write a suicide note, trying to justify myself, trying to excuse myself from living. i wrote a crude one and posted it here before i started the one i meant for my parents and friends. i got three pages in and i fell asleep from exhausting myself mentally and physically. a dark, dreamless sleep that has left me contemplating this morning. i look down at my thighs and my wrists and wonder if dying is really what i want. i read the beginning of my note and pity the author. my sheets are bloody from my thighs and i know my mom can already only handle the smallest bit of blood before going queasy. 

am i going insane? i cant follow through on anything, and now i cant follow through on my own suicide attempt. i had it all planned out and scheduled so that i could finally have something that i scheduled correctly. now im 5 hours late to my own death.

i read the comments in this post and I've spent the past 5 minutes trying to figure out a way to tell you I'm still here. i cant tell if what you all have said is something i should be grateful for or if i should despise you. i guess my answer will come in time. 

in the meantime, im still here and I still feel like shit. i felt like this kind of update is needed to this type of situation.

Post 804: Can't even have the smallest fucking things.
Content:
I'm just so angry with life and fucking done. Nothing will ever change for the better it's all a fucking joke.

Post 805: I fucking hate my brain
Content:
It's such a goddamn stupid piece of shit and I wish I could blow it out.

Post 806: That's a Wrap, Folks
Content:

H̶o̶n̶e̶s̶t̶l̶y̶,̶ ̶I̶ ̶d̶o̶n̶'̶t̶ ̶h̶a̶v̶e̶ ̶m̶u̶c̶h̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶s̶a̶y̶.̶ ̶F̶o̶r̶ ̶m̶a̶n̶y̶ ̶y̶e̶a̶r̶s̶,̶ ̶l̶'̶v̶e̶ ̶t̶o̶l̶d̶ ̶m̶y̶s̶e̶l̶f̶ ̶I̶'̶d̶ ̶k̶i̶l̶l̶ ̶m̶y̶s̶e̶l̶f̶ ̶w̶h̶e̶n̶ ̶m̶y̶ ̶d̶a̶d̶ ̶d̶i̶e̶s̶.̶ ̶I̶n̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶p̶a̶s̶t̶ ̶t̶w̶o̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶a̶ ̶h̶a̶l̶f̶ ̶y̶e̶a̶r̶s̶,̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶f̶o̶l̶l̶o̶w̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶e̶v̶e̶n̶t̶s̶ ̶h̶a̶v̶e̶ ̶o̶c̶c̶u̶r̶r̶e̶d̶:̶ ̶-̶ ̶M̶y̶ ̶d̶a̶d̶ ̶h̶a̶d̶ ̶a̶ ̶h̶e̶a̶r̶t̶ ̶a̶t̶t̶a̶c̶k̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶d̶i̶e̶d̶.̶ ̶-̶ ̶M̶y̶ ̶g̶i̶r̶l̶f̶r̶i̶e̶n̶d̶ ̶g̶o̶t̶ ̶i̶n̶t̶o̶ ̶a̶ ̶c̶a̶r̶ ̶a̶c̶c̶i̶d̶e̶n̶t̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶d̶i̶e̶d̶.̶ ̶-̶ ̶M̶y̶ ̶p̶a̶r̶r̶o̶t̶ ̶f̶i̶g̶u̶r̶e̶d̶ ̶o̶u̶t̶ ̶h̶o̶w̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶o̶p̶e̶n̶ ̶h̶e̶r̶ ̶c̶a̶g̶e̶,̶ ̶f̶l̶e̶w̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶m̶y̶ ̶r̶o̶o̶m̶,̶ ̶c̶r̶a̶w̶l̶e̶d̶ ̶i̶n̶t̶o̶ ̶b̶e̶d̶ ̶w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶m̶e̶,̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶I̶ ̶c̶r̶u̶s̶h̶e̶d̶ ̶h̶e̶r̶ ̶i̶n̶ ̶m̶y̶ ̶s̶l̶e̶e̶p̶.̶ ̶-̶ ̶M̶y̶ ̶d̶o̶g̶ ̶d̶i̶e̶d̶.̶ ̶-̶ ̶M̶y̶ ̶m̶o̶m̶ ̶n̶o̶ ̶l̶o̶n̶g̶e̶r̶ ̶r̶e̶c̶o̶g̶n̶i̶z̶e̶s̶ ̶m̶e̶.̶ ̶ ̶I̶ ̶a̶m̶ ̶a̶n̶ ̶o̶n̶l̶y̶ ̶c̶h̶i̶l̶d̶,̶ ̶s̶o̶ ̶I̶ ̶h̶a̶v̶e̶ ̶p̶r̶e̶t̶t̶y̶ ̶m̶u̶c̶h̶ ̶n̶o̶b̶o̶d̶y̶.̶ ̶I̶ ̶c̶a̶n̶'̶t̶ ̶f̶i̶n̶d̶ ̶a̶n̶y̶ ̶r̶e̶a̶s̶o̶n̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶l̶i̶v̶e̶,̶ ̶s̶o̶ ̶l̶'̶m̶ ̶g̶o̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶d̶o̶ ̶i̶t̶.̶ ̶T̶o̶d̶a̶y̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶m̶y̶ ̶b̶i̶r̶t̶h̶d̶a̶y̶,̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶a̶t̶ ̶1̶2̶:̶0̶0̶ ̶A̶M̶,̶ ̶I̶'̶m̶ ̶g̶o̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶s̶t̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶i̶n̶ ̶a̶n̶ ̶8̶-̶f̶o̶o̶t̶-̶d̶e̶e̶p̶ ̶h̶o̶l̶e̶ ̶i̶n̶ ̶m̶y̶ ̶b̶a̶c̶k̶y̶a̶r̶d̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶b̶l̶o̶w̶ ̶m̶y̶ ̶b̶r̶a̶i̶n̶s̶ ̶o̶u̶t̶ ̶w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶a̶ ̶1̶2̶-̶g̶a̶u̶g̶e̶ ̶s̶h̶o̶t̶g̶u̶n̶.̶ ̶I̶f̶ ̶a̶n̶y̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶y̶o̶u̶ ̶a̶r̶e̶ ̶g̶e̶n̶u̶i̶n̶e̶l̶y̶ ̶w̶o̶r̶r̶i̶e̶d̶ ̶a̶b̶o̶u̶t̶ ̶m̶e̶,̶ ̶I̶’̶m̶ ̶s̶o̶r̶r̶y̶.

Thank you all for the overwhelming support. I have decided to not go through with my plan. You guys are the reason I’m still alive.

Post 807: Today is my Birthday...
Content:
I turned 20 today. It's significant because I never thought I'd make 20. The last few years have been really rough and I can't count how many nights I thought about taking my own life. Yet here I am. I broke down in the shower just thinking about how close I was to not being here. 

&#x200B;

I start counselling soon and I'm going to make a big effort to try and turn my life around. I've spent long enough being miserable and I deserve to be happy. I hope on my next birthday I look back on this day proud of how far I've come. I hope that this is the last Birthday where I feel sad.

Post 808: You ever wish someone would kill you so you wouldn’t have to do it?
Content:
Purposefully running around late at night through shady places

Not paying attention when nearing roads

Almost “accidentally” getting hit by a car

Post 809: My Wife Attempted Suicide
Content:
Wednesday afternoon my wife took a massive amount of medication. She texted me a photo of two piles of pills and said "Goodbye. I'm sorry." I was at my parents apartment in the same building as ours, so I ran to our apartment, but she locked me out. I beat on the door over and over yelling for her to open up, and when she finally did, she just stumbled across the floor and fell on her bed, gagging and crying. I called 911 and held her head up and tried to keep her awake. She was vomiting everywhere. The paramedics carried her out of the apartment and down to a stretcher and I sped to the ER right behind them. They gave me a number to call in the ER to get updates, and all they kept saying was that she was in very critical condition and they're doing their best to stabilize her. She was vomiting so much that they couldn't pump her stomach and had to put her on a ventilator. Hours went by that felt like days, and the Dr finally called and said that they stabilized her, she was on a ventilator, but with the amount of duloxetine she ingested there was a high chance that she'd either be "brain dead" or have brain damage. I fell apart. My dad was there to hold me up, but I felt all the wind leave my lungs. My dad took the phone and talked to the Dr some more and then he picked me up like I was a kid and got me out of there and into the car. He said there's nothing we can do here. She's in ICU, she's gonna pull through, but we're waiting on the CT scan. So he drove us home, I passed out on the couch and at 6am the nurse called to tell us they got her off the ventilator and the scan was negative for brain damage. I threw my clothes on and sped to the hospital and stayed there for 2 days until it was time for her psychological evaluation. They actually said she was of no harm to herself or others and that she didn't require inpatient treatment of any kind. They discharged her to go home. I was speechless. I called her psychiatrist and he was emphatic about her being admitted for psychiatric treatment. She refused and said she just wanted to go home. Now, we have 2 autistic children. I am on short term disability for a migraine that's been going since early May, every day, and I'm not responding to any treatment. My head's a 8/10 on the pain scale nearly every day. I'm seeing a neurologist tomorrow, finally, but I've been at home on bed rest since May 17th with an ice bag on my head. Times are really tough. But now they want her to go home and for me to keep a "suicide watch" on her, to keep pills and sharp objects out of her reach. To find her outpatient therapy. To follow up with her psychiatrist and PCP. I can barely make myself a sandwich right now. So we brought her back home and the universe came calling. It was her psychiatrist who she's been seeing for 17 years. He said that if she doesn't follow his medical advice and admit herself to a mental health hospital, then he had no other recourse than to drop her as a patient. At that point, she got up, started getting herself together and said ok find me somewhere to go. I got her admitted to a reputable hospital that her psychiatrist recommended and I haven't heard from her since. I'm lost. I'm stuck between falling apart and angrier than I've ever been in my entire life. And my head is banging...just pounding. I asked my parents to take the kids until this blows over, and all I've been doing is crying, then I stop and get so mad...just furious. Then I break down again. I talked to my therapist and my spiritual advisor and they both helped a lot. But I'm so, so broken. I'm so confused. What did I do to make this happen? I just cry myself to sleep wondering what she's doing and what I'm going to when she comes home. I've never been so scared of something in my life. What if she does this again? What about the kids? They're autistic, they don't understand the complexity of what's going down. What if they find something really wrong with my brain? I feel like I'm standing at the edge of a cliff in the middle of a wind storm, trying to keep my balance, trying to be strong, but knowing that sooner or later I'm going to fall. And everyone is depending on me. And for whatever reason, my wife, my best friend, the mother of my kids, after 14 years together just said "Goodbye. I'm sorry." Where the hell do we even go from here?

Post 810: I never asked to be born
Content:
Here i am .. looking for a job. My family thinks I'm a waste. But I never asked to be a part of this rat race. 28. And losing out on every social barometer

Post 811: I wish I could give my life to someone who wants to live
Content:
Sometimes, I wish I could trade places with a terminal cancer patient who is holding onto life as tightly as he can. I do not have any enthusiasm for life, and it seems like a waste. I feel like I am going through the motions, just waiting to die... and it's going to be a long wait. I have been in therapy for 10 years, and it's constantly like this. I wish euthanasia for mental illness were a thing.

See, there is nothing in this world that brings me joy. I do not have any hobbies, and I do not have a job. I am going to be evicted if I do not find something before May, and while I have been applying, I also don't see the point. I have this black-and-white image in my head-- like a flipbook-- of me going through the motions until I am older enough to retire. I think I would rather cut to the chase because being alive hurts. There mornings where I wake up and take a handful of sleeping pills to make myself fall asleep again. That's really what I am doing... I am waiting to die.

It kind of feels good to type this out. I have not been out of my apartment for almost two weeks. It's almost like I've forgotten what the sound of my own voice sounds like. My boyfriend recently moved away, and we hardly talk anymore. My therapist dumped me (it's a long story + it was kinda my fault, so dont blame her), so I am without support (or structure). I do not have any friends. My family thinks I am being a drama queen and won't "play" this game with me anymore. If I were to kill myself tonight, I wonder how long it would take the world to notice. I imagine it would take a while unless my decomposing body starts to smell and a neighbor complains.

I have prescriptions for a whole cocktail of drugs, but I am not 100% certain that an overdose would be successful. I'm 80% sure since I have stimulants and relaxants and sedatives and with some alcohol-- I don't drink, so I image I don't have a lot of tolerance-- it almost feels like I can pull it off. My biggest fear is failing. I am afraid I will only have a seizure and then have to deal with the aftermath of my suicide attempt. God, I don't want to spend more time in a psych ward. 


Post 812: It’s 4am. I have my first class of the semester in 5 hours and I can’t sleep
Content:
I wasted my whole fucking summer looking for jobs and getting nothing. I can’t do internships because my grades suck. My whole family thinks I’m a lazy sack of shit for “not doing anything” and instead of relaxing for two months I was just stressing to make sure I could make $100 a month

I’m stressed because literally nobody around me fucking needs me.

Post 813: suicide isn’t selfish if they truly only care once you’re gone
Content:
I always say I won’t take my life as long as my mom’s alive but these days it feels like they’d be pretty okay without me too. I’m hoping things are better at the end of the year but if not, I don’t think I wanna see 2025 anymore. 
I’m too tired.

Post 814: I wish boys were allowed to be feminine without being judged.
Content:
I’m a feminine guy and I just want to express it when I’m at school. The judgement that I get is too much to bear and the only thing that I can get away with is a flower in my hair, and even then I get a few insults hurled at me. I would do much more if I wasn’t judged. I can’t express who I am to the world and have to bottle it up.

I fucking hate this. This is just a minor point in the many reasons I just want to kill myself.

Post 815: What pisses me off about suicide.
Content:
People can’t wait to tell you how selfish you are and to remind you about your obligations and how you will make everyone else upset.  It’s the cowards way out.  

That it’s your fault. Sunlight and exercise and positivity. I do those things way more than most and positivity is hard when I m not getting positive returns on these activities. 

That really not all my fault brain is on self-distruct and it won’t shut up and cooperate. I’m a defective person. Then people say no you’re not. That makes it even worse.  Medications exist and people act like it’s a cure. Bitch it’s not a fucking sore throat. The meds aren’t happy pills

Post 816: My THERAPIST literally just ghosted me...
Content:
I was supposed to have a remote appointment with my therapist. He won't even respond to my massages. It's not like the appointment was going to do me any good; I've already decided to kill myself the coming Monday, and I wasn't going to tell my therapist about it. But why ignore me?!?!

I feel like if I don't kill myself I'll just go completely insane eventually! I am losing my mind here!! I feel like I am unnoticeable, like the entire universe is ignoring my existence. I don't have any friends or anyone else besides my parents. 

Every time I go to uni I'll have to see people hanging around, chatting and laughing with their friends and partners while I sit alone like the invisible object that I am. I wander the campus alone and aimlessly between lectures, just the same way I had wondered around my high, middle and elementary schools during break, with no friends or anyone to talk to. I go through entire days at the university without even opening my mouth once, as I don't dare to approach another person. I can't even look at people; I make A LOT of effort to keep my eyes from glancing at anyone due to irrational fear. I've always been worry of people; I am so ridiculously shy and socially anxious. Whenever I manage to talk to someone, I keep thinking about myself being annoying, that maybe they don't want me to bother them. I think I might forget how to speak any human language eventually if I continue living.

I am feeling so scared. Just yesterday ,Friday, I decided to do it on Monday. I had a teeny bit of hope that something might happen in my life during the weekend, something that might make me change my mind. But I think I am really going to do it now; I've never felt this fear before. It's beginning to hurt whenever I think about the things I am going to miss in life, especially since my life has been so isolated. I have never had any real fun alone, barely going anywhere outside. I've always stayed away from places with many people.

I cried today I know I'll cry tomorrow. The day is approaching, the time is moving faster than I anticipated. It's already the end of Saturday where I live. 

Please, please, please someone, anyone at least respond to this. I'll take any kind of attention: an insult, a humiliating replay, anything! I've shared my thoughts twice so far and got nothing...

Post 817: I hate when someone tells you to “just get help”
Content:
How many of us have tried to get help? Sometimes it just doesn’t fucking work. It’s even worse when you don’t have a support system and have to deal with everything on your own. I don’t even know what the point of typing all this out is.. I’m just tired of making an effort to get nothing in return.

Post 818: Nothing in life interests me. No goals, no ambition, no motivation. What am I living for?
Content:
I used to have dreams and ambitions. Now I can barely get out of bed. I have little bursts of “maybe I can do this” but they’re so brief that they’re hardly worth acknowledging. No jobs interest me, I don’t want a family, I don’t really have friends, I’m not close to all but two family members and even then they’re probably better off without me. 

Most nights I fight off suicidal thoughts. I feel like I plan my suicide more than I plan living. Therapy never did much and pills made it worse. I just want to be happy but I don’t know how anymore. There’s nothing to be happy about. I feel like I’ve outlived my usefulness. I don’t know what to do. All I know is I’m mentally exhausted, I’m fighting more thoughts, I don’t know what to do anymore, and I don’t want to wake up tomorrow. But I will, and the cycle will continue. Again and again, around we go. And for what? Wish I knew.

Post 819: I hope i die in my sleep. Everyday.
Content:
Too tired for this shit.

Post 820: I'm killing myself in 6 h. I'll jump off a building
Content:
I can't stop shaking, but it's for the greater good. I will not be a burden to people again. It's kinda sad. I'm just 14. But who cares

Post 821: I hate being told I have choices in life
Content:
My choices are basically live a miserable life in terrible poverty, or die. That’s it. But I’m not allowed to be frustrated over because I still have “choices”

Post 822: My father is tired of me “hurting” my mother. He is offering to find me an apartment so I can live alone and away from her. I will use this opportunity to kill myself.
Content:
As I mentioned in previous posts, my mother is emotionally and physically abusive to me. She has the gal to blame me for enraging her to do these things. My father is getting tired of her constant tantrums, and is offering to give me an apartment he will pay for so she can be free of me.

I will use this to my advantage to finally end my own life. Once I am alone in my apartment, with no one to stop me or witness me, I will overdose on all my medication pills at the same time. Then, I will die and finally know peace. Maybe then my parents will know peace too.

Post 823: TW (suicide) NSFW
Content:
I just spent 2 hrs outside trying to work up the nerve to pull the trigger. I’ve been fighting the urge for a long time. Well I actually wrote a note and planned to go thru with it today but the thought of the sound of the gun or possibly any pain from the shot is scaring me. I have 1 in the chamber and have put it up to my temple 4 times and still can’t even work up the courage to complete the task. I fail at everything even this. I wish I could get someone to do it for me. I’m such a coward & a loser.

Post 824: Being discharged off my section soon and going to jump off a bridge
Content:
I’m currently sectioned in a psych hospital but I am basically being kicked out in a couple weeks even though I’m not better. I am still suicidal and going to jump off a bridge when I am discharged, it should be high enough to kill me instantly. The doctors know I’m going to do it, I have told them and they just don’t care. Their main priority is making beds available for new patients so they don’t care if I’m unwell. No one would care if I died I am a burden to everyone because of my mental health, my family don’t love me anymore and are tired of me and my mental illnesses. I have been refused medication and admission to a long term rehabilitation ward and have been refused to see a second opinion doctor. I don’t want to go to PALS complaints service because they are useless. I’m tired of fighting mental health services for the help I need and I just want to give up and die. It’s never going to get better and I don’t want this life. I’m so tired.

Post 825: I'd kill myself today if it wasn't for my family. I'd ruin their lives
Content:
I hate myself but I know if I commit suicide, I'll destroy my family, I'll ruin their lives and they'll be so sad :(

Post 826: Is there really a good reason to be alive?
Content:
Seriously, all I see on here is people saying the same things,” It will get better.”,” What about your family or friends?”,” Suicide is a permanent solution is a temporary problem.” saying the same things over and over again that don’t mean anything. Is there a reason suicidal people should stay alive BESIDES living for other people, so other people won’t feel bad about it? 

All I keep seeing are these the same cringy quotes and it’s just making me even more suicidal. I swear if I hear more of that dumb shit I’m going to just end it already.

Post 827: I'm 25 minutes away from death
Content:
My death is imminent, I took two strong antidepressants and drunk half a litre of vodka, I found of method of suicide that's quite atypical. I'm going to cover my face with a thick jacket. When I cover my face with it, I run out of air. My breathing is already short, so when I cover my face with this jacket it will be the end. 

Idk how to begin my story, but I guess I should say that I love life, or better yet, I loved life. I loved one that was fulfilling, I went to casinos, I did cocaine, I drank until I past out on the spot. I've met so many people in my life; you couldn't imagine the amount of stories I've heard, seen, and felt. 

I came to the realisation that life, life is boring. There is no point to any of this. I came to the realisation that the point of life, is finding a point. There is no point, it's simply how bad you try to delude yourself that there is a point.

I'm going to end it all very soon so I dont mind saying my reasoning.

I hope reincarnation is real

When I tried it last time, there was buzzing that wouldn't leave me, but I tried pushing past that point. My whole idea or principle if you will, is that, if there is a higher power, and I end up in a long line, waiting to drink meng POS soup, then I've won. If I haven't, then I've also won, this is the end; even if I was wrong, I will still be "alive', my body will be returned to the earth and the nutrients my ashes or body provides will supplement new life. In essence, I never really died.

You can think of the grass near my grave as me. I don't wish for a funeral but atleast give place my ashes beneath the soil. I don't want to be lying in an irn jn your living room. 

I love my family but spent too much time in my life being lazy, I read too many fantasy novels, and later on I dreamed too many dreams that couldn't exist within this realm.

My belief is that this isnt the end. My belief, is that once I pass out, I will be reborn and underworld and I will suffer for my sins, after suffering and serving my sentence, I will be given the choice to either drink meng Po's soup, or erase my memories. I will drink the soup and live the life that samsara has granted me




I have about 20 minute untill I cover my face, so if u wanna talk, I can just about type but I might use voice recording, I can reply. If I port an update, it means I've been unsuccessful, if don't, then it means I haven't. Ask me any questions in the mean time

Post 828: I hate the lottery system of life
Content:
okay so you’re telling me we spawn into an already fucked up world and we barely have a shot right off the bat? You’re telling me that some random lucky kid gets to be rich and happy because they lucked out getting good parents while the rest of us die to out shitty capitalist economy? Shrinking middle class, the rich get richer and the rest of us never had a chance. Bullshit.

Post 829: I am killing myself tonight.
Content:
I will be ending my life tonight. It is a beautiful day today, the sun is bright and I woke up rested and ready to be done with this earth. I am grateful for all the beauty I got to witness, and at peace with my decision to die. It is my time to go and I will rest peacefully knowing that I made the right choice. I won't regret this. I have my materials ready, I have my plan set, now all that it left to be done is to count down the hours and follow through. It has been a long decade and a half of pain and I am prepared to take my permanent leave.

Thank you, SuicideWatch, for being somewhere I could vent my frustrations to in my last weeks. I appreciate it.

Post 830: What the fuck is wrong with me!
Content:
one minute I want to kill myself and I write my suicide note, and the next I get distracted, my mood shifts 180° and I forget about the fact that I was about to kill myself. Then not long after, I start contemplating suicide again!

Post 831: Passive Suicidal Thoughts
Content:
Whenever I'm at a crosswalk and a car is stopped for me, I think of getting them to step on it. Whenever I'm at the top of a staircase, I think of letting myself fall down it. Whenever I'm at a ledge, I think of stepping over it and hitting the ground below. Even though these things probably wouldn't kill me and would just leave me with some horrible injuries, I still can't help but think of them every single day. There's always that ever-so-slight push in the back of my mind trying to guide me into giving up and giving in to these thoughts.

Post 832: Who else is waiting until they feel they're allowed to kill themselves?
Content:
Personally my mom couldn't bear with it so I'm waiting until she passes away. Once this happens I can finally end this misery.

Post 833: My husband wants a girlfriend and I just want to die
Content:
My husband of 20 years wants a girlfriend and I told him he can and it’s alright. I’ve been in bed since and I really just want to die. I loved him with everything I had and now I feel like such an idiot. I shared my entire life with him. I’d feel like even more of an idiot if anyone found out I killed myself over a boy but I’m horribly lonely and feel completely abandoned. I wouldn’t be around to feel embarrassed 

Edit: to answer some questions, he has a girlfriend in mind. He met her on work trips. She lives across on opposite coast from us (USA) she asked him out according to him. I am completely financially dependent and have no savings, only debt, a car loan, student loans, credit card bills. I think my plan is to get a job and get to a place where I could leave. Reassess from there. I’d feel more confident if I didn’t need him so much. He can have his fucking side relationship but I’m my new hobby is going to be myself. I know it’s not as healthy as ending things immediately but I can’t afford it. Thank you everyone, your kind words mean so much to me 

Post 834: I think it's time I just give up. I've never really had but one friend. My wife who died at 23. My family abused and abandoned me since I was a child. I'm 38 now. I've been through so much more than this. Things will never be ok for me.
Content:
I've been homeless for over a year completely. I'm living in a tent in the desert with no one to talk to and no one that cares. I haven't really had a home in near 15 years. Since I lost my wife. I was in a group home a lot of that time. Where things were just made worse. I was attacked multiple times and had to leave due to another roommate bringing weapons into the house and threatening to kill me then himself if I wouldn't kill him. There's been so much more I've gone through it never stops. I can't keep on suffering and being forgotten much longer. I'm just done.

Post 835: I've grown to despise life and people.
Content:
I'm Thirty-seven. I have autism the supposed high functioning kind but that's a load of shit. There is no such thing. There's fucked and slightly less fucked.

The cherry on top? It was preventable. My 'wonderful' mother couldn't stop puffing her cancer sticks for nine months. So I get a lifetime subscription to the shit show that is my brain.

It gets better though. In gradeschool I was abused. My lovely aunt and grandmother buried it because , I don't know. Reasons. This escalated my behavioral issues in school and at home immensely. Rage doesn't even begin to describe it.

.

School was boring as hell. I had autisim I wasn't retarded. But the lovely school system couldn't tell the difference. So I was stuck in Special Ed, not being challenged at all. By all rights I should've been three grades above where I was. Public schools like uniformity. Different is anathema to them.

So my second year of middle school I said fuck it and quit going. I wasn't getting anything out of it anyway. Contrary to what most adults and parents think...you can't make a child do anything they don't want to do. They tried to make me go back. I refused. When my father hit me with the belt I called the police on him.

It was the last time that ever happened.

At fifteen or sixteen I got my highschool deploma from a by mail school. Mostly out of spite. It was a waste of time and money.

My general anexity and inability to be what society deems normal kept me from getting a job. Well almost.

I worked for the family construction business starting at age 15 to 21 where I had wrecked my back. 0/10. Would not recommend. Money was great however it destroyed my developing body. I suffer from chromic pain now. Which on good days can be described as an icepick twisting in my hip and a baseball bat smashing into my back...and on bad sees me unable to walk from my bedroom to the bathroom without suffering from muscle spasms.

I digress.

At twenty-five(I think)  I moved across the entire US to get away from them. With my then girlfriend/fiance. In retrospect it was a doomed relationship. While I cared for her my desire to get away from my family mattered more. I had grown to hate them.

I had to come home two years later due to irreconcilable differences. I left again a short time later to be with another girl. At age thirty no less. I've been with this one since. If not for the disability laws we'd be married now.

My life had finally come together. We moved back to help tend to my ailing father. Stage four cancer. It was in 'remission'. or supressed. Whatever they do to keep it undercontrol.

I was healthier. Until I was forced to deal with my toxic wastedump of a family again.

My mother hated my 'wife' and mother inlaw. She resented me for not being there to help with my father. (Yeah fuck you too bitch.) When he first took ill. Mm. She made no secret of that in how she treated me.

In the amidst of all that my grandmother, one who helped raise me...and also swept the abuse under the rug. Died.

When I finally confronted my mother and aunt...my aunt claimed no such thing ever happened to me. So the options are casual indifference or malicious stupidity. The rage I had came back two fold.

Luckily I lived across town. I could be there for my dad...help get him to this appointments and visit...yet I was isolated enough that I didn't have to deal with the excess family shit I tried to escape.

Until 2020.

In this godawful hellscape of a year... I lost my uncle in july. He was one of two male rolemodels I had. He helped instill morals in me and helped raise me.

I lost my house(A rental), because the phrase 'caregiver' went in one ear and out the other. My priority was my dad. So sometimes the lawn wouldn't be cut as often as they would like. Or sometimes the house wouldn't be as clean. Sorry I have priorities. The shitbag landlord told us the neighborhood was becoming gentrified and he wouldn't be renewing our lease at the end of the year.

So unpleasantly I had to move back home with my wife and mother in law. Where my mother finds fault in everything.

Lovely.

A month after I move in my father dies.

Its at this juncture I begin to despise pretty much everyone and everything. I could not, in my wildest dreams imagine life being this goddamned cruel. I thought I'd get another year with him. Instead I got a middle finger.

A week or so before his birthday.

Then the petty fights started over bullshit. They are too numerous to even bother recounting here. Everyday some minor drama.

As if that wasn't enough... One of the kittens I hand raised and tamed had to be put to sleep due to cancer. After I spent 350 dollars I didn't fucking have to try and save her life. It wasn't my cat though. It was my dads. So another kick in the nuts.

This has been my life for the last three months. One blow after another with selfish ignorant people who continue to be absolute douchebags. Fighting over inconsequential shit that no sane person would give a damn about.

The cat dying was the last straw for me. I went off my meds. I was tried of playing peace keeper or being 'the man of the house.'

If I'm going to be miserable, I'm going to be miserable. I'm not going to keep pumping chemical bullshit into me to give me an artificial happy only to have it destroyed by selfish ignorant fucks.

TO make matters worse, the constant snark directed at my wife has her in such a state she doesn't want to do anything. So cleaning, the litterboxes all of it falls on me now. This enviroment is destroying  the one healthy relationship I have. I'm growing to hate her too.

Oh did I mention I'm a firearm owner? I had to stay away from them for years until I trusted myself enough to use them responsibly again. The entire experience has destroyed that. I can't even enjoy one of the few hobbies my dad and I shared.

Years of healing unraveled in a few short months.

I'm a prisoner inside my own mind(And home it feels like)  half the time and the other half Well....I'm getting yelled at for leaving to go buy mcdonals at 11 at night or treated like I'm still a child because apperently I'm supposed to ask permission before leaving.. HAHAHA No.

I've just about had my fill of other peoples bullshit. Though don't mistake me. I'm far too spiteful to actively harm anyone but myself. See if I opt out of this, the people who did nothing but make me miserable will have the guilt of my suicide on their minds. That thought alone makes me smile.

I find myself looking at my dad's 1911 which I carry everyday...wondering why I don't stick the thing in my mouth and pull the trigger.

Even at my lowest I used to have reasons why I wouldn't. Now the reasons why I should vastly out weigh the reasons why I shouldn't.

Now that I have the text here, looking at it... I suppose the only reason I haven't is I'm not convinced the damn thing would actually kill me. The way this shitfuck of a year has gone I'd survive and be wheelchair bound or more mentally damaged than I already am.  There's always the shotgun I suppose...but it doesn't have the same sense of poetic irony to it.

So yeah. Merry Christmas to me.

&#x200B;

Edit: Thanks for the wholesome award. I legit laughed out loud. You're the best reddit! 

Post 836: This will get lost in a sea of Suicide notes
Content:
I’m using this to say exactly how I feel cause I know no one will see this. 

The last time I was genuinely happy was when I was 5.. then my grandfather died. I was extremely close to him and after his death things just weren’t the same, fast forward to 7th grade my father whom I was never close to despite living in the same house decided to slowly leave his family for another family and left my mom and I alone, then my mother took him back which kissed me off and caused me to an angry child who didn’t trust anyone... which probably caused me to never have a real relationship cause I never feel good enough and I can never fully trust them. Anyways I was always socially awkward/ shy and didn’t have a lot of friends but I have 3 childhood best friends I can at least say I have but as we’ve gotten older and everyone is moving on with their lives I feel stuck. 

My life began to really fall apart in the fall of 2017 ( my second year of college) when I began to rapidly lose the vision in my left eye due to a condition I have that I didn’t even know about until the year before but the doctors said I shouldn’t worry to much about it, due to the loss of my vision in that eye I had 2 eye surgeries to try and repair it but they didn’t work which shocked the doctors. I took a semester off of school to recover and came back in hopes to finish school, then in February of this year the vision in my right eye began to slowly go away. I had to quit my job and leave school and move back in with my parents to try to “ heal”..

I eventually got a job ( which I hate with a passion) and became stuck... then I got into a car accident and totaled my car so now I’m carless. I want to go back to school and get a new car but I feel like what’s the point if I won’t be able to see in a few months, everyday when I wake up before I open my eyes I think “ am I going to be able to even see”. It sucks because surgery won’t work, I’ve tried the holistic approach too and I’m still just slowly losing my sight. I really took things like that for granted.  My parents put me in therapy and it has caused me to face things but with my looking at the bigger picture I’m like what’s really the point? 


I’ll have 3 days of me feeling like myself and”happy” then it’ll be weeks of me in a deep depression wanting to kill my self or hoping I’ll die. I told my mother I want to kill myself before I go completely blind because I couldn’t live like that ( respect to those that are blind and live cause y’all are strong.. even though y’all can’t see this) so I said I’m going to see how the rest of the year plays out cause I’m not going into 2020 like this, but it’s like when I try to get my shit together nothing goes right, I had my heart set out for this new job and everyone there was like you got the job, the supervisors liked you, the employees recommended you, etc... no call back ( I was supposed to get one yesterday if I got the job) that was my breaking point. 

That job really was a push for me to keep going but now that I didn’t get it I feel stuck again, I feel like I sound stupid and dramatic and I know this is worded horribly but I guess I’m just writing my jumbled thoughts out. I’ve been looking up easy ways to kill myself but I’ve seen that there are none... if I had a gun I’d just shoot myself, I looked up ODing on pills but it’s hit or miss and the miss will fuck you up, I thought about hanging myself but I’m black and I’d feel weird idk lol, I think about driving into oncoming traffic and hoping I’ll die but I don’t want to total my dads car cause that’s his property, I thought about cutting myself but I’ve read that that’s a slow death. 

It’s like why is it so hard to die when you want to but when life is going good then you get sick, or die, etc. I guess I sound like a bitch cause I want to die but I don’t want to feel any pain but I guess I’ll have to feel pain in the process cause afterwards they’ll be no more pain. There’s like so much going on in my head and so much to write but idek what to say tbh even though I already said a lot, all in all I’m just so tired. Tired of crying myself to sleep, crying to work, crying at work, crying alone at home, and crying myself to sleep. I’ve been trying to disconnect myself from people but it’s like I still crave human interaction that’s why I feel like a fraud cause I want to be alone but I don’t to feel alone. 

This whole thing probably doesn’t even make any sense but I’m just writing out my thoughts. No one will see this anyways or even read all of this anyways. At first I was giving myself till the end of the year but now I’m just trying to find the best method to end it.

Post 837: Humanity is the worst race to be a part of
Content:
We are like enslaved cows, we are born forced to go to school to "get education" so that we can be "successful", then we must word 9 hours a day to be able to live peacefully and those who are out of that format are either lucky or homeless. I am too a part of that format. Recently found someone that cares about me(a girlfriend) but i just can find the place in my heart to like her. She is amazing and beutiful yet i cant stop looking at other girls and wishing they were intrested in me. Im stressed as fuck from school and it all doesnt seem worth. Adult life does not look good. at all.
I dont have the guts to do it to my family thought. I just wish the world would end

Post 838: it's creepy how we have to be fake as fuck to survice in this world.
Content:
motherfucking hell.

Post 839: What the fuck am I honestly?
Content:
I have no personality traits honestly im just an assortment of mental issues (eating disoder , suicidal , maladaptive daydreaming) and all my interests are aged because i stopped caring abt things at around 14. what the fuck am i even doing

Post 840: I've been on the verge of suicide for weeks. Sitting outside the emergency room and trying to decide if I should go in or go home.
Content:
They probably won't actually help. Just those me in a room, have a psychiatrist nod thoughtfully at me a few times, then send me home a few thousand dollars poorer. I just don't know what else to do. Therapy and suicide hotlines are a joke. I just want it to be over.

Post 841: I’m losing everything
Content:
Due to severe depression, I lost my job and have absolutely no money. I have bills to pay and no way to pay them. My lease is up in less than two weeks and I have no money for a new place and I haven’t even started packing yet. I’ve filled out countless applications and haven’t heard anything. I’m so scared and I don’t know what to do!!!

Post 842: It's 11:40 and I'm gonna kill myself at midnight.
Content:
Not here to be talked out of it, just wanted to say something anonymously I guess. I just got dealt a shitty hand in life in a lot of ways. Sure not as shitty as some others have it, but it's all shitty. I was never meant to find someone to be happy with or anything like that, I was always meant to die alone. I tried to avoid it but by 30 it became clear the path I was going down.

More importantly, I just never was happy with myself or life in general. Losing loved ones, losing touch with friends and never making new ones, being bored with the work I chose but having no interest in going back to school. Life is just not worth it to me. Lots of suffering and sadness with not much upside. I said if I wasn't feeling better by 31 I'd end it, and here I am. I'll miss my family but I'm done "being strong for others." Time to take care of myself.

I chose a method that is very lethal and should go quick. Yeah I know "you might screw up" but oh well, that's a risk I'll take. Oh and I'm sure someone will show up to tell me I'll go to hell like they always do to people here, and yeah, I'm shaking in my boots ;) lol.

Holy shit, 15 minutes now as I write this. I'm scared obviously but also excited. It'll finally be done.

Good luck everyone no matter your situation, if you choose to keep going I hope you end up better than I did. Bye.

Post 843: I don’t need a rope. My severely autistic son is going to beat me to death.
Content:
First off sorry if I don’t use the preferred terms for autism. This isn’t the functional kind. This is the smearing shit, piss on everything, holes in walls, nonverbal, violent, destructive, and incompatible with any semblance of normal existence. He’s an adult now, 18 and strong. 

Every single day is a nightmare. I spent the bulk of last week wishing I was dead. I started thinking things might be better for him and he might get help if I were gone.  

I took a beating last Thursday that left me bloody and another Friday early morning that fucked me up pretty good. I decided next time I’d just let him finish me off. 

Catch you on the other side. Remember me when you see the news article, it’s just a matter of time.

Sidebar: I spent 48 hours in the hospital ER with him. They cannot find any crisis stabilization facility to accept him due to his level of need. They searched the surrounding states too and every single facility declined him.

Post 844: I don’t want to die, but I no longer want to exist.
Content:
There is no point to this. Society has made it almost impossible to not live in a damn cycle of work come home, get 2 hours to yourself, go to sleep. And then you get to do it again. 
If that’s all there is, why even continue on.
I’m never getting married or having kids, for personal reasons..So I don’t have a responsibility to continue on either, but I know I could never kill myself, which makes it even harder. I know there will be no relief for the pain I feel every god damn day. I’m jealous of everyone who is content living like a damn robot slaved to society doing the exact same thing everyday. I wish I could be happy doing that, but I just feel like I’m wasting my damn life away.

Post 845: I'm suffering constantly I just want it to end
Content:
Edit: I'd like to thank people for all the support on this post I didn't think it would get that much attention. Lots of you are going through a similar thing and it's nice that people understand and tell me to have hope. I of course still feel terrible but knowing there are people out there who are willing to support those going through this is great. I'd also like to tell anyone with negative comments on here that you really aren't helpful and shouldn't be on this subreddit

Post 846: Y'all ever just lay down in bed in the fetal position and cry and just try to will yourself out of existence for a couple hours?
Content:
Anyone else do this?

Post 847: Uhhhhhh…. Why ain’t I dead?
Content:
Over the past few days I’ve done whatever I can to possibly kms. First I cut my legs from foot to cooch. Second, I had three full bottles of over the counter medication. Third, I ate a quarter pound of raw meat. Fourth, I drank half a liter of bleach. Now, I’ve drank a liter of mouthwash. And somehow I’m still not dead. 

P.S. The reason why I put this on Reddit is because I wanted someone to acknowledge my faults, and I’m mortified to tell a friend.

Post 848: College is stupid and it makes me want to die even more
Content:
I don’t know what the fuck is wrong with my school in particular. They never even showed me how to schedule an advisor meeting. I started out with 4 classes and had to drop two of them because I was failing (both grades below 50%) and these profs couldn’t teach if you put a gun to their heads. 

Now I have this whole English research paper to write on some bullshit topic I chose and we have to “collaborate” and “brainstorm” in class with people who are writing COMPLETELY DIFFERENT PAPERS. It’s fucking stupid. They’re not sharing my grade why should I have to ask for their help?? I keep skipping class cause I don’t want to go through that bullshit even if my grade suffers.

I think I’d be happier dropping out, living with my parents, and just working two jobs so I can focus on my side hustle. It’s just hard when my parents are immigrants and they keep telling me I’m wasting the opportunity they gave me. 

I don’t know. I just know I can’t take this shit anymore.

Post 849: My final suicide note, goodbye
Content:
  

I don’t think I can do this anymore. Everywhere I go, it all feels so grey. I’d often try to make myself upset, because at least it was a feeling in and of itself.  Objectively speaking, my life's been great. I’ve had a plethora of friends and romantic partners, I’ve had nothing short of an amazing, loving, and dedicated family. So why do I feel so empty inside? Why is it that I can clearly remember the last time I felt true happiness? A random fleeting moment outside of a gym in 2017, it was but a fleeting moment, but I felt as if a warm cascade blanketed my soul, I felt a feeling of positive emotion radiate through me. It may have only lasted seconds, but it was sobering. It showed me what I lacked, no matter how hard I tried, that feeling never came back. It would be appropriate to say I’ve thought about suicide for quite a long time. The cold sinking feeling that stands your hair on end, the feeling of being sucked into a bottomless void of negative emotion. It felt comforting, because I felt something.  My life isn’t a prototypical tragedy, its just devoid of a fundamental element of what a life should consist of. I’d probably be more satisfied if I had a better reason to do this, sometimes I long for a tragic life as a justification for my suffering. 

I truly am defective.

To my friends and family: It should go without saying that this isn’t your fault. You could have never known. No, you shouldn’t of reached out, I didn’t want the help. Please, don’t blame yourselves. I have no interest in psychiatric treatment, I’ve read a multitude of papers on the efficacy or lack thereof when it comes to pharmacological treatments along with their intolerability. Despite being unable to register the feeling, objectively I know I was loved, and for that, thank you from the bottom of my heart. I'm sorry I couldn’t stick around any longer, I just can’t imagine decades more of this. 

I hereby leave all of my belongings and finances to the whim of my Mother, Father, and Sibling. 

Thank you for the life you’ve given me, im sorry I couldn’t stick around much longer.

Post 850: I am ending my life tonight
Content:
Tonight, I’m finally ending it all after 21 years of living.  I was neglected by my mother when I was an infant, her neglect and inattentiveness led to me being sexually abused by my caretaker. This has led to many psychological problems such as PTSD, depression, anxiety, OCD and borderline personality disorder. I have wanted to die since I was 6 years old. I see no hope in living anymore. 

I ruin all my relationships. The love of my life broke up with me a month ago. In a state of despair, I hooked up with random men to fill the void. My ex said he would never get back together with me if I slept with other people. I see no point in living. I’m an abusive pile of shit who isn’t capable of being loved because I hurt the people I love most. I have been in therapy for years and I continue to be a fucking monster. 

I ordered refills for medication I have been hoarding. Tonight, I’m going to drive to a place that was special to my ex and I. I am going to end it all tonight. There’s no point in living if my brain will never be fixed. There’s no point in being alive if I’m a terrible human being who never even had a chance. This is my last goodbye.

Post 851: Society just can't stand you don't want to do anything
Content:
People always ask what do you study, hey where do you work WHAATTT you don't? But my niece is in harvard blablabla

These fucking SUBHUMANS think that life is all about slaving yourself for 60 FUCKING YEARS I HATE THESE PEOPLE

I didn't ask for this crap I literally just want to chill and have no worries, that's it.

Post 852: I want to die because im a woman
Content:
I hate being born as a woman. I never would have chosen this. Any man can break my skull and kill me with his bare hands if he wants. Im scared to even disagree with them because what if they kill me?

People talk about women being valuable because they can give birth, but what they mean is men are valuable because they are men and women are valuable because they can create men. No one talks about how great it is that women can have daughters, no, theyre good because they are where men come from.

Theres no advantage to being a woman. I dont want kids so my body is a lumpy weak waste. Like a fat droopy cow. I hate being curvy its gross and makes me embarassed. I can never truly admire my reflection because i will never be as strong as them. And im dumber.

I tried to like feminine stuff i really tried but I just can't. Im scared to try a masculine style because whats the point theyll always be stronger. I'll always be playing catch up to someone more smart and dangerous. 

I once had dreams of taking a solo road trip across the US, and solo traveling, but I know that I can't do that because im so weak, I don't even want to leave my house now because any man I happen to see can kill me with his bare hands. 

Men reading this, know that we didn't choose to be like this. I want out of this body right now.

For those that believe in reincarnation, can you come back as a different gender in your next life? Does unaliving yourself effect this?

Edit: I am an ugly woman, I'm the lowest of the low, and I serve no purpose to anyone.

Post 853: I use suicide as motivation and comfort
Content:
It keeps me pushing through all the bad experiences, fear, anxiety about future and keeps me working hard for my goals. I know its weird, but I usually tell myself "all I need to do is this or that and if the result is not great and i cant fix it then I can always just die." But then when the result is bad, it doesn't feel great enough to match unaliving myself. There's always a solution for it, so I try again and repeat the same line. Idk its just my way of not caring about what people think and not taking life too seriously.

Post 854: i did it
Content:
I just swallowed a handful of pills at work, not sure what’s gonna happen. Im not telling anyone except this reddit. Im here for 7 more hours and i’m hoping i don’t wake up. I’ll type a suicide letter on my phone. Hopefully i don’t wake up. Im done living. Im done with life. Thanks

Post 855: People don’t care for real
Content:
Whenever I see news about someone committing suicide I see a lot of “If you’re hurting talk to somebody” or “check on your loved ones.” I honestly think that’s some bullshit. Any time I’ve tried to express to people that I’m on that ledge I’ve heard things like “just pray” or “other people have it worse.” Sometimes I’m even met with anger or irritation. These days people like to call it “trauma dumping.” Nobody wants to hear it. So when people say “why didn’t they talk to someone” I know why. Most people don’t really care. Deep down no one wants to be bothered. And that’s messed up but that’s just what it is.

Post 856: I've broken away from Christianity
Content:
I don't really fear the afterlife anymore. The very idea of going to hell after killing myself was enough to make me not want to kill myself. But now that I'm away from all that, I feel like I'm just an inch closer and more comfortable for sweet relief. I've always wanted to help others, but I can't help myself. Fuck. Trying to hold back tears.

EDIT: thanks for all of your kind words and support. I do appreciate it. I have been improving mentally and emotionally since I posted this. So thanks again.

Post 857: Nobody here truly cares.
Content:
You act concerned and considerate and it’s all a fucking act. It doesn’t matter if I come in here screaming that my life has been nothing but neglect and abuse and that I’m on nine antidepressants and slowly losing my damn mind. I just want to bash your fucking faces into the wall for how fake you all are. It doesn’t matter if I rent a wood chipper and jump headfirst and turn myself into toothpaste. You’ll run to this post and say you care, and then tomorrow you’ll just move on and forget about me. BECAUSE YOU DON’T ACTUALLY CARE.

Post 858: i hate that’s there no real help for suicidality.
Content:
u can’t talk to ur friends and family bc it upsets them and it’s also depressing. u can’t tell ur therapist or ur locked up. and then ppl wonder why suicide rates are up. ive struggled with suicidal ideation my entire life and it is so frustrating sometimes bc ur only option is to rlly just ride it out. 

Post 859: I think I have prostate cancer and I'm not doing anything about it.
Content:
Sorry for the long post. Also, this is a throw away account and I really just wanted to be able to say this and get everything off my chest, as no friends or family really know about this. I'm not really looking for advice or anything, so I may not read or respond to any comments.

I am 32 years old, and over the summer I fell victim to a cryptocurrency scam. In the end, the scammer stole $65,000 from me, which really sent me spiraling. Of course I feel like a complete idiot and am now on the brink of financial collapse. I already had major depressive disorder (possibly bipolar, though not diagnosed), and this event really brought forth the depression like I had not felt in nearly a decade.

Anyway, around the same time I was getting scammed, I started having urinary issues. It started with just an odd/weak stream while urinating and a slight pain toward the end of each urination. I really didn't think much of it - could be a UTI or kidney stones or something. At the time I was so focused on the prospect of becoming rich through my crypto investments, that I knew even if it was something serious I could undoubtedly afford any treatment once I withdraw my profits.

Well, the symptoms did not go away, and they also started presenting in ways that make me doubt that it's simply a UTI or kidney stones. For starters, my frequency of urination has increased tremendously. And my urine stream is still far from what it was normally. Additionally, I now find occasional hints of blood in my urine, and I can feel a quivering sensation behind the base of my penis after each urination. In that same spot, I can feel a constant lump - like something is pressing on my bladder from the inside of my body. Lastly, I have almost no appetite, am sleeping horribly, stay fatigued, and  can't stay warm. 

I am obviously not certain that my symptoms are cancer - they could easily be something else for all I know. But a part of me secretly hopes it is cancer. I know that's a shit thing to say, as cancer literally ruins millions of lives a year. Hell, my mom had breast cancer a year or so ago and it was certainly traumatic for our family. But at the same time, I already was crippled with passive suicidal ideation, so I cannot help but look at the prospect of cancer as a blessing in disguise for me. It gives me an exit door without true blame being placed upon me. 

Thank you to whomever reads this. Once again, I don't expect sympathy, support, or anything. Just wanted to be able to say all this and not keep it bottled up. I may try to have tests run to at least determine if it is or isn't cancer... but tests cost money, and I do not have any to spare at the moment. If it isn't cancer or if my symptoms start disappearing, I may contemplate purchasing a firearm since I am in the USA. But contemplating is all I ever do - I'm far too nervous of a person to likely go through with anything. At least currently. 

Post 860: Why is dying so hard lol
Content:
Everyone is against it yet nobody wants to help. Failed attempts are so common. Goddamit if i just want to end it i should have a full right to do so, it's none of their buisness, this is so fucked up. I'm not telling them to kill themselves, so they should stop telling me to live.

Post 861: Not to brag or anything but I haven’t considered suicide in like 7 minutes
Content:
Progress ladies and gentlemen progress

Oh nvm streak’s dead now just like I’ll hopefully be✨

Post 862: I don't want to be alive if this is what it means
Content:
Years and years of waking up everyday just to do some bullshit I don't want to do so that I can keep powering through to do the things I actually want to do. The tradeoff just doesn't seem worth it to me since the bullshit takes up probably 90% of my waking hours between working and all the other mundane tasks that living comes with, I might as well just end it.

Post 863: How do I get out of an abusive household with no money, no friends, no ID, no phone? (22F)
Content:
I'm almost 22 and I'm fucking done. I'm done being held hostage by my father, everything about my life controlled like I'm a prisoner. I'm done hearing how gay people deserve to be genocided. I'm done hearing how women deserve to be raped and confined in chains. I'm done being told to do impossible things like rip off the government(?? how) to bring money into a house, money that is supposed to go to a new house but instead gets spent for weed. I'm done hearing him degrade my mother and her just taking it. I'm done with my fucking low-functioning sociopathic half-brother who sets my father off and makes him abuse the rest of us once he loses it, including my poor dog. And of course, my brother gets anything he needs anyways, because he's male and worth more than me.

I've never worked. Never had a boyfriend in real life. Never had a real life friend since I was 11. I graduated high school online a year late with a GPA of 1.7 because he wouldn't let me study. I hurt or ghost everyone I get close to online because he cuts the internet and changes passwords every other day to keep me off so what's the point.

I need to get out. It's either I get out, soon, or I kill myself and hopefully take him with me beforehand, whether it be today or next week or next month. It's been looming for a while now, the urge. The only reason I haven't yet is because I didn't know how until recently, my life is THAT FUCKING CONTROLLED that I couldn't even kill myself. Hell, the fucking kitchen knives are so dull they can't even cut bread, let alone an artery. But I know how now. It came to me tonight, as he rages and calls people like me sick things that deserve to die and throws things and threatens to cut peoples throats. I have the resolve, I have the means. It doesn't even hurt to say it now. In fact, this is the first time I haven't cried all night, because I've accepted it.

I can't drive. No ID or money for a bus. I don't even know where my social security number is. There's no women's shelter, or any shelter, in this piece of shit town he confines us in. Hell, I probably wouldn't make it if there was, I'd be raped or abducted into human trafficking before I got there, that's the kind of place it is. I can't even call the police, no phone and they're known for being wifebeaters and raping girls up on the reservation anyways, they don't care about one girl.

Please, if anyone knows an out. I don't even want to post here, it's probably not the right place, I feel like a lost cause anyways. But I'm trying. I'm trying so fucking hard to hold on. 22 years is a long time to hold on. I'm so tired.



Edit: Thank you for the replies. I'm going to try to sleep or distract myself on my main reddit since I most likely won't be able to rest. I just wanted to say I'll make it through the night (well, morning now) and get back to any new replies when I can tomorrow

Post 864: Humans :)
Content:
Humans are funny creatures. When you tell them "I am happy, I am good at this" they make fun of you and say "you're a loser you should go kill yourself".

When you tell them "I'm a loser. I'm gonna kill myself", they go ahead and tell you "noooo please don't, you deserve life and happiness like everyone".


Fuck you humanity. Fuuuuuck, you.


Edit: Ok my intention wasnt not spreading hate. I'm pointing out the irony of our nature as human beings. When I say humans I'm talking about people who live in modern society, and I'm included in that bunch.
